Maybelline is a tried and tested brand. Love this concealer. Easy to use and
apply. Make sure you choose the right color for your skin tone. I use a brush
to apply. I have combination, sensitive skin and have no issues with it. Highly
recommend.
I use these on all of my clients perfect Matte finish paired withe the loose
setting powder, and fit me matte pressed powders , and ofc the foundation
Great value and it works fine.
i can never find this shade in stores and decided to order it online, i
actually got 2! i love these
I love this concealer! It blends well, isn’t heavy, and doesn’t irritate my
sensitive skin or make me stuffy. Will definitely buy again, the price is a
plus too!
It has light to medium coverage at most and I find that it oxidizes. It is easy
to blend.
I’ve used it for years but usually purchase at CVS or grocery store. This was
much cheaper than stores. I hv darkness under my eyes. This provides perfect
coverage and moisture. I also use it as base for my eye lids and upper eyes.
My favorite concealer! Works great under the eyes or concealing blemishes
Easy to use. Blends really well. Doesn’t feel cheap. For everyday non-cakey
coverage.
Works best for me
I like the way that it easily applies to your face and blends in as you do the
coverage to your face,
I liked the moisturizing effect and how it covers.
I’m a little annoyed with this product. I’ve used this concealer for years -
it’s a great product. However, I ordered the color associated with shade 10
because I’ve always used shade 10. If you look at the advertised picture of
shade 10 it shows 10 “light”, but the REAL shade 10 is “fair”. I didn’t realize
this until I received the product. I ordered shade 10 “light” but what I
received is shade 15 “light”. Maybe this is partially my fault - I should have
went by the shade name instead of the shade number, but I assumed ordering by
the shade number would bring me the accurate product. I can and will reorder
the right color, just be aware of the flip flop of these 2 shades when ordering
this product.
This is not great for dark spots. I had to reapply a few times to get light
coverage. But it does go on smooth and blends well.
I was scared of the shade match but it matched me perfectly (I'm between
shades11-13, depending on the weather, for sephora collection concealers). The
coverage and finish is great. It covers my dark circles and blemishes well. It
lasts all day too
very light weight in the skin blends in really easily and looks amazing
This is so beautiful foundation because after wear it’s looks like very natural
.
Isn't drying or patchy. Applies and dries down really nicely, and doesn't turn
orange. Will be buying again
Best cheap concealer that I have found! The colors go a little lighter than
expected for me.
Nice product. Matches my complexion and does the job for the price
I’ll look for a more full coverage one but it matches me perfectly, I use
Maybelline foundation in 336.
Easy to use and a good choice of colors.
It’s a great product except it arrived with the top completely shattered.
I apply concealer under my eyes every single day. I can't justify buying high
end so often, so I was so glad to find this a few years ago. It blends
wonderfully, non drying, and easy to find at any drugstore (now I buy off
Amazon!) Give it a try!
This is my favorite concealer! So lightweight and easy to blend! It does not
easily crease and it will take me months before I need another because a little
goes a long way with this product! Does not give the heavy, greasy feel on my
skin.
Works great don’t even need foundation anymore.
Price was good. Plan to purchase again
it’s pretty good
This is a pretty good concealer but it isn't going to be mistaken for a high
end product if you look closely. The concealer works best if you have
moisturized skin, primer on and no wrinkles. If you put in on dry skin, or on
crows feet, it will bring attention to them, not hide them.I use this under my
eyes with lots of primer base and it lasts a good 8 hours. I also use this on
some redness or blemishes and it works fine. For the price, I'd say that this
is #2 to my #1 Elf's Camo Concealer. Still, a good item to have in your
workplace makeup bag for quick spot retouches.
Usually when I get concealer, it never works out. Either it doesn't blend, it
looks bad and dry or it's just not my shade/color. This one was pretty good, I
general bought it because I couldn't find any that fit me, and I was going to
use it for SFX things if it didn't work. I now use it for my everyday makeup 
If I were to apply only one beauty product before leaving the house, it would
be concealer. My undereyes and my eyelids are so prone to dark shadowy-ness
that I swear it looks like I have a penchant for punching myself in the face as
part of my morning routine. If I want to run down the street in the morning to
grab a coffee, I either need to put on concealer or wear sunglasses, or I fear
that small children will run away from me, screaming in terror, convinced that
they just saw a real life zombie coming out of their local Starbucks.As a
result of my unrelenting dark circles, concealer and I have a very intimate
relationship. I swear that I have tried EVERY concealer and eye brightener that
any magazine, beauty blog, or friend has ever recommended. YSL Touche Eclat,
Laura Mercier Secret Camouflage, Lancome Effacernes, Benefit Boi-ing, Smashbox
Photo Op, Bobbi Brown, Clinique, Tarte....okay, I'm going to stop naming
concealers I've tried because this is actually getting really depressing and
kind of shameful. The point is, out of ALL of the concealers I've tried, this
Maybelline one is my favorite.I realize that my dedication to this concealer,
out of all the concealers in the world, is kind of weird and random, but I
freaking love this product and I've been using it for years now. Actually, I
take that back. I kind of hate this product - I would love to not be shackled
to my drug-addict-like attachment to concealer. And no, it doesn't work
miracles, my eye circles are still the bane of my facial existence. (Yes, I
know, my life is SO hard.) But regardless, this concealer is the best one I've
got.Sometimes I'll get curious and try something else, but I always come back
to this. It's not too sheer but not too thick, it's not sticky, and it doesn't
crease (especially not if I set it with a tiny bit of Make Up For Ever HD
Microfinish Powder). This concealer comes in many different shades (sometimes I
go lighter or darker based on the time of year, or mix a pink-based hue with a
yellow-based hue.) It lasts a really long time, it's inexpensive (especially if
you buy it online), and it doesn't irritate my usually-sensitive skin.The wand
applicator is great. I've found that most concealers that have a similar
consistency to this one are packaged so that you have to click a button or knob
on a pen-like contraption in order to dispense more of the product, and then
oftentimes too much concealer blobs out at once and you end up wasting it
(which is especially annoying when you are dealing with a very expensive
concealer).Several of my friends have started using this concealer based on my
rave reviews (and this is probably also a good indication that my dark circles
do in fact look far less horrifying once I have applied this product).
Maybelline has good quality products.
It looks very natural and the price is reasonable.
This is a pretty creamy, moist concealer. I like it quite a bit. It's supposed
to be a good dupe for Nars Radiant Creamy, but that's out of my budget so I can
only go by rumors. It may be a bit creasy if you have a lot of undereye
lines.The image attached shows a dot of Maybelline foundation, Dream Urban
Cover in the shade 115 Ivory. It is surrounded by five dots of different
Maybelline concealers (five shades from four different lines).SS is Super Stay
in 10 Fair. It's a little darker/ashier than Fit Me and Instant Age Rewind in
Fair. I'll probably be testing 05 Ivory next.MC is Master Conceal in 10 Fair.
It's considerably lighter/brighter than Fit Me and Instant Age Rewind in Fair.
I'll probably be trying 20 Light next.Both FM's are Fit Me; FM-F is Fit Me in
10 Fair and FM-L is Fit Me in 15 Light. The former is a pretty good match for
Instant Age Rewind in Fair, and the latter is pretty close to the 115 Ivory
foundation (they were even closer afer dry-down). For other 115 foundation
folks out there, Fair is good for undereyes and Light is good for
blemishes.Side note: the shade numbers on Fit Me Fair and Light were flipped at
the initial release and possibly in some countries now (they used to be 10
Light and 15 Fair). Fair is lighter than Light, so it now has a lower shade
number (as is the standard for Maybelline). Keep that in mind when perusing
swatches online. Sometimes 10 and 15 are switched, but Fair is always paler and
cooler than Light.IAR is Instant Age Rewind in 110 Fair. It was still a little
wet and heaped up at the time of the photo but dried down to be a pretty good
match to the Fit Me Fair.Hope this is helpful to any other pale-skinned folks
shopping for shades online.
Do not miss this
Appears to be a little thick and takes a bit to spread. Coverage is great
This stuff is pretty weak. Also, there is very little product in this tube. I
couldnt believe how quickly I ran out. This stuff works best if it goes on skin
first. This may be weird, but I prefer to put my concealer/brightener on last
(but before finish powder). I have no problem with the other brand I had been
using (the one that you twist tube and it has a sponge on top. I intend to go
back to using that one. The only plus side to this product for me was that the
brush allowed me to put product in "tighter" places (like the corners of the
eyes). I also did not care for the thickness of this product.
This concealer spreads easily and does not dry out the skin. It is a bargain!
Right coverage
Really live it for under my eyes to brighten it up 
Excelente producto
This product works very well for its price. I have struggled with under-eye
bags for all of my life, and I decided to buy concealer to hide them a bit. I
find that sometimes it takes two coats to fully cover up a blemish or eye bags,
but one coat will usually do the trick. Very satisfied with my purchase!
It works great, but there's just not really a lot of it. I can see me maybe
only getting to use this at most 6 times before it's all used up. This is
however great for covering a quick blemish that comes up while out and about.
I ordered wrong color, returned
My wife has been using this a few weeks and loves it. It goes on well and
provides good coverage. It isn't too thin and you can do multiple layers. It
blends well and the color matches her skin. It covers well and stays on for the
entire day. It is available at a good price as well. If she is happy then I am
happy. She looks gorgeous with and without makeup.
I got the light shade and it’s darker than expected. It doesn’t cover very
well. Ok for the price.
This is what I use for a natural look. It goes on smooth and covers my dark
under eye well. It also sets really well.
Report abuse
It's nothing special; not bad but not great either. Doesn't last very long, but
for the price point it's ok.
good
Very light cover.
always a good affordable, medium to full coverage and not too drying or oily
Use all over face as a baseUse various powders and blushNever disappoints
This is my go-to concealer because it’s very cheap and overall okay. It gets
the job done and covers up well. The first time I bought it, I’m not sure why
but it would always be burning my face and I still could never figure out why.
It would be stinging and hurting me a lot. I ordered this again recently and it
doesn’t burn or sting my face anymore. Maybe the first product I got was
expired or just had the wrong chemicals. Not sure why. But buyers should be
careful. I think overall it blends nicely in and covers up my dark circles well
but it can make my under eyes look grey which might be because of how dull
certain areas of my face just are. The concealer itself I wish it had more
product but I rarely ever wear makeup so it lasted for like two years or so.
It’s small and carry-able. The color goes well with my face and it makes me
look younger and less tired. It really brightens my look up.
Love this product. It covers everything it needs to
This concealer dries in to your skin and doesn’t leave an oily residue. This
means your mascara won’t smear the first time you blink. I use it on top of my
foundation and love the way it blends. Although I wish the cover up lasted a
little longer I am a huge fan!
Used it couple times, seems a bit cakey.
it was so good it very moisturizing to the skin
Cover great
Put some on the right and a little goes a long way it is super cheap and stays
on all day especially with it’s my fit me translucent powder !!
Not terrible. small tube. But it’s more pink than I expected. Works to cover
dark circles to an extent.
Goes on smoothly and match’s some what but it works not to shabby
I used to purchase Nars concealer in shade Chantilly until I discovered this
Maybelline dupe. I have a very sensitive and acne prone skin, but I checked all
the ingredients on multiple websites prior to buying it, and they are all
clean. It is a non-comedogenic, light and moisturizing concealer with sheer
coverage. It's honestly amazing for the price, and I love it. Looks very
natural on the skin
Nice but it does not look smooth on skin.
Covers problem areas well but the formula is a bit tacky and doesn't seem to
blend well.
It's good enough for the price point.
I don’t review often but this came earlier than expected! I also received an
extra one! Thank you so much I am so surprised at how much the color perfectly
matched my skin. I bought the Honey shade :)
The color I got was a little too dark for me- I like a white under-eye
concealer. But it works great and looks very natural. Definitely needs a
setting powder to avoid creasing- but overall works great and covers blemishes
as well
This concealer is very nice. It's lightweight, medium coverage and lasts well.
However... I'm not entirely convinced that it's authentic. The silkscreening on
the 2 I purchased was not exactly the same and the weight of the plastic used
is sus.I don't actually mind considering cost and for the fact that it's
overall a nice product. Just something to keep in mind.
this concealer is really good and cheap only bad thing is it’s very little
product but other than that i like this concealer a lot and i recommended
I love this product I use it everyday it’s good
I love this concealer. It matches my complexion, it's conceals perfectly, and
it blends well. It just doesn't last that long. If I put it on in the morning
about 9am, it wears off by lunchtime. About 12pm.
I like this as a back up only to nyx
It’s for people who aren’t trying to cover much, so you’d probably have to
apply a lot more if youre trying to cover dark circles! Also consider the fact
that the tube is small! But the color is great and with some setting powder
you’ll be okay! Lol
I have oily combo skin. My dark circles aren’t bad but they are discolored
since I don’t get as much sleep as I need. This concealer works great on top of
a silicone based primer (I use Supergoop Unseen Sunscreen as a primer/
sunscreen). I made the mistake of applying this concealer on top of my skin
without primer & it was not compatible with my skin type (it started dragging
and not blending well & sinking into my fine lines). So if you have similar
skin type as I do, use a primer! I just put a dot or two under my eyes & blend
with a concealer brush & it’s great!
nice if your not looking for high coverage
it’s very cool and is nice
I got this to brighten up under my eyes, but found I could also dab a little on
two imperfections on one of my cheeks and temple. Age spots I guess. I don't
apply all over the face foundation unless I am going out in the evening, but
when I did the imperfections were covered even better by using this under it.
It's light and creamy and easy to spread and blend. No flaking. Does not dry
out the skin. (I have dry skin) This is perfect for a gentle concealer when you
don't want to apply foundation, and even better if you use it under your
foundation.
Most likely will not use as much
Great coverage! I haven’t worn it outside for a full day yet but I’m excited to
see how long it lasts. It goes on softly and I only need a little for great
enough coverage for my dark under eyes. I like this a lot more than what I was
using previously.
I loved the fit me foundation so I wanted to try this, and omg It’s perfect.
Really light and easy to blend. Soft and there was 2 that came in. Definitely
worth it!
super good really like
Great concealer. Works well
Gives great coverage
I wasn't married to any specific brand for anything specific so tried BoxyCharm
subscription box to try new things. I love their service and their makeup was
good but even after trying so many expensive brands, I wasn't sold on a
concealer.After doing too much research I quit and ordered a cheap one from
Amazon until I made up my mind on which to order. Welp, my journey stops here.
For the price there isn't a ton of liquid in container so order many or save to
order more later. This stuff is amazing. It looks completely natural and blends
my dark spots better than anything. Def order.
A friend recommended me this product as a drug store brand with high end
results. I'm so glad I tried it. It's such an affordable price and covers my
blemishes so easily.
good for beginners ! 
The concealer itself is fine. However, it lasted me less than a month. There’s
practically no product. At least it was cheap.
I’ve bought the same item before a few months ago and if I remember correctly
it did have a seal and wasn’t opened. This one was and makes me feel hesitant
to use on my skin/face
i would say this a light to medium coverage but it's light and it doesn't
crease under my eyes
Been using this along with the fit me pressed powder for about 5+ years now and
they are my absolute favorite! Also arrived super quick and in good packaging.
It's difficult to but makeup online without knowing how the color actually
looks. It's inexpensive so it's with the risk. I bought one that was too dark
based upon the recommended number paired with my concealer. So I bought another
one and it was too light. It was my fault because the shade I needed wouldn't
be delivered in time. Either way, I still use them. They work great and get the
job done.
I use it everyday
I bought this because I wanted something to cover undereye circles that also
had SPF. I used to use Neutrogena's formula that was specifically made for this
issue and it worked great, but something is off about their colors is off now.
This product didn't cover much of anything, and stung my eyes to boot. Not
impressed.
Great product with good coverage but not too heavy. I wouldn’t say it is very
sheer or moisturizing but it works great to cover problem areas or dark spots
and as a highlighter.
Decent concealer! I do have to use two layers of it but it’s fine enough!
Many more colors are actually available from the manufacturer than you can
order here. No color chart. Had to buy 3 and mix them to get a good color.
Stays on well though. Worth the $3
I was never one to need to wear makeup but now that im older there are just a
few pigmentation spots that could be balanced out making it blend into my
natural skin color and boy is this the answer. I also wear glasses and have the
annoying marks on the bridge of my nose so when i switch to my contacts i like
to conceal those darker marks too. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Great price. Cheaper than in stores
Use this daily to hide my dark circles
I put it on and forget about having anything on my face. Great product.
I’ve used this many times before I don’t know if they changed the consistency
but it burned my under eyes
This is a very nice match in the Fit me line. It is very creamy and smooth. I
was very pleased with my purchase if this and will deff be buying this again in
the future. If you buy the same number as the foundation, it matches perfectly.
And if you go a slight shade lighter, it is beautiful for a enhancer for the
eye area.I have been using the Maybelline brand for at least the past 8-9 years
and I don't plan on switching. Fingers crossed that they don't make and changes
on their end. But the Fit me matte it perfect if your face is a bit on the oily
side. And I have an issue with that by the end of the day. And this foundation
is excellent at controlling that. If you use a really good moisturizer to set
your face off and allow it to dry to tacky and then add a very good primer on
top of that. And let that set to "bake" a bit. As you hunt for something to
wear. And then apply your foundation. And then whatever eyeshadows, mascaras,
liners, brows, etc. you are going to wear. And then use a good primer to set
all of it. You will be good for the day. Sure you could use whatever foundation
and set it with a primer. But it all plays hand in hand. If one is bad, then it
knocks it all out of whack. You have to use a good base and set it right. And
this foundation gives you a very good base.
It did well.
As described. Works well under eyes to brighten those dark bags.
I ordered one and I received two like an amazing deal Bess under eye cover up I
have purchased
This is my everyday use to go choice. I love this product so much. Good price
and coverage. Can’t complain
BUY THIS! As a 36 year old mom of two, I am always tired af and trying to hide
it...THIS IS IT! Just as good as the $20 I was spending in Sephora/Ulta but a
fraction of the cost and shipped to my house.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
The coverage for this concealer is AMAZING! I was blown away at how well it
covered my hereditary dark circles. I love makeup, but for a quick day to day I
just stick with concealer to brighten up my under eye. I usually buy more
expensive brands for good coverage but I'm allergic to the fragrance in them
and I kept hearing great things about the FitMe concealer. I really can't say
enough about how impressed I was with it and it's a fraction of the price. And
the best part is that my eyes don't get itchy at the end of the day because
there is no fragrance. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of how
hard it is to color match for me. I am fairly pale but I have yellow
undertones, so I ordered "15 Light" because the others look too pink but it's a
little too dark to wear as concealer. Would be a great overall color but it
won't brighten under my eyes as much and so it just doesn't work. Luckily, they
offered me a refund. I will go into a store and ask for a recommendation before
I buy another color but definitely plan to buy FitMe concealer again if I can
color match it well.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
This is absolutely perfect. I really wasn't expecting it to be so great since
it's not that expensive, and I tried the Fit Me foundation and hated it.But
this concealer has really great coverage and feels so light. It hasn't made me
break out at all and doesn't settle into pores or fine lines, though you can
easily use a primer with it if you want for more assurance. I use this for
blemishes, redness, and dark circles.Let me tell you something about my dark
circles for a second. They're absolutely terrible, and no amount of makeup has
ever been able to make them go away or be reduced by much. I fell deeply in
love with this concealer because the lighter tones don't tend to have worse/
sheerer coverage, which is a trend I notice with other concealers. It stays
opaque and all you have to do is lightly pat it around the horrible gray/
purple/ohgodwhyme colored area with your ring fingers. It doesn't look
unnaturally heavy and it stays really well, especially if set with some kind of
powder.The only very tiny problem with it is that the tube makes the concealer
look very slightly darker than it really is, but it's really not a huge deal or
something you can avoid with any brand. I would say it's quite true to
color.The packaging is kind of neat, I think. It's very minimalist and chic,
and you can very easily travel with it since the lid is actually quite tight
and the tube is pretty durable. Don't let its thin design fool you; there's
quite a lot of product in this, not to mention the great pigmentation means you
don't have to use so much in the first place.I'm so excited over this that I
wish I could give it more than five stars. Maybelline, as many problems as
we've had over the years, you have made the only drugstore concealer that is
any good for all purposes and is definitely worth the money. I think I'll have
to buy enough backups to last for the next few decades. Talk about a hidden
gem.
I ordered a 10 fair and it looked paler but besides that it was great!
Not as full coverage as one would expect with a concealer however, you get what
you pay for.
Works great, easy to apply, lasts throughout the day, and it feels good on.
I really like this concealer. I use it beneath my eyes and to brighten up my
veiny purple lids. It’s hard to find concealers pale enough to match my
complexion, and usually they’re too yellow, so I’m very pleased with this
shade. A little bit goes a long way- I dab a few dots where I need it and then
blend with a makeup sponge.
This concealer is amazing and I like it even better then high end ones, and
this is a fraction of the price!
One person found this helpful
I bought this dreaming of getting expensive, department store results at a
bargain price and you know what? This product accomplished that! It's nice and
opaque, conceals and brightens the shadows under my eyes, while not being
heavy, cakey, or chalky. It's nice and creamy, moisterizing, feels light on my
skin, and a little goes a long way. Love this product. I've finally found the
perfect concealer!
For years, my HG concealer has been Laura Mercier's Secret Concealer. But I
wanted something for days when I wear just very light makeup, and turned to
this after hearing lots of positive reviews on the Internet and also the Nars
Creamy Concealer (which many people say the Maybelline is a dupe for).After
having used this and the Nars a few times, I have to say that the Nars provides
better coverage and blends a little better. However, for the price, the
Maybelline concealer really is a star. It's got a lovely texture (not too
thick, not too liquidy) and does blend well with either your fingers or a
Beauty Blender, though it doesn't disappear completely into the skin. Still, it
looks pretty flawless and works very well on light makeup days. I have very
dark circles, so this doesn't cover them up completely (but then again, no
concealer does, unless I use it with a color corrector).I am about an NC25-30
(depending on how tan I am), and I got this concealer in Light 10. When it
arrived, I was worried it would be too light. But it looks wonderful once it's
blended in - you can't see any lines (where the concealer starts and ends) and
my under-eye area looks very natural, just slightly brightened, which is a
great effect. I am thinking of repurchasing it when I run out.***edited to add
the following***After using this for quite a number of weeks, I have to say
that I think it's even better than Nars Creamy Concealer. The Nars has a
tendency to settle into fine lines and look a little cakey after a few hours,
but the Maybelline stays pristine and undetectable! Very impressed! Am
definitely going to repurchase.
Bought maybelline fit me in shade 10 first and then 15. I have a light (maybe,
even fair) skin with red/cool undertones and for me, 10 is a bit too light but
15 is perfect. It is spread easily with fingers or concealer brush and holds on
perfectly for full 8 hours at least. I do not have darkness or puffiness under
eyes, just a little dark on the inner corner of the eye and this product does a
very good job on me. I use it also to conceal my pimples on the chin and
overall, I am very happy with this product, especially, after paying twice for
tarte concealer, highly claimed and praised one, which cannot be even compared
to this product; so after wasting money on tarte concealer, decided to write
the review for maybelline, maybe someone will not repeat my mistake!
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Worked perfect for what I needed it too
It's my favorite! Brightens eyes, good coverage.
It’s ok for a regular day wear but it is not full coverage. On the first
picture I only add the concealer and you still clearly see my dark under eyes.
On the second one has a little orange color corrector, foundation, and on top
the concealer. It did help but I wish it could have done a better miracle
because you can see some darkness. I’m only 20 but since I was just a child
I’ve had eye bags and dark under eyes. No concealer has ever really helped but
it’s worth trying as many as a can. If your eyes are not that dark this is a
decent product.
Goes on great! No cakey or streaks. Great high light!!
Great cover … I use it everyday
The concealer is too thin and sheer. Very little coverage.
This item us pricey for such sheer coverage. Tube design is not good.
Matched my skin tone perfectly!
It doesn't stay on though, I go out and my face starts looking like I'm
shedding, dry flaky spots. I love how easy it is to use and it doesn't bother
my awful acne like other cover ups have. The shade matched perfect with my
really pale skin, worth a shot 
It's alright for the price, but I thought it would be more brightening. It
spreads well but for some reason it makes my undereye look gray like when you
don't use color correction on dark circles and put concealer over it, but I
don't have an issue with that normally. It's good for spot treatment, not great
for under eye brightness.
Like the item
Product was very good but the color was too dark.
I like that it is very easy to apply. However, It does not work as well as
other concealers. Does not seem to cover up discolorations, etc. Would not buy
it again.
I'm normally skeptical of products I buy on Amazon, but this seems to be the
real deal! And if not, it does a great job acting like it. The color online was
true to the color I received, and it has pretty good coverage!
Works as good as my 35 dollar concealer for a fraction of the price. Got rid of
my circles and made my eyes look fresh, best Maybelline product I've ever tried
( and I'm not normally a fan)
Good
First time trying this whole new makeup techniques using all the different
products. I'm dark brown and I did a good job blendingWill recommend
This concealer covers up the red veins in my cheeks like magic! And it stays
on. I no longer need a foundation. This stuff does the trick!
I like the applicator and smooth moist texture for dark eye circles. Surpasses
the $30 concealer by far!!
This is my all-time holy grail of concealers. Just thick enough, long wearing &
creamy. Have purchased MANY expensive brands and always come back to this. Dupe
for Nars.
Love it.
My favorite makeup product. I actually use this all over my face like
foundation. You don’t need a whole lot, it is full coverage and stays on all
day.
Lasts all day
Easy to apply but shows all your creases, burns my face when I put it on as
well if you have sensitive skin don’t use
No applicator. Use anyway for covering blemishes
I typically use high end concealers due to my lifelong struggle with severe
hereditary circles. For me, money is basically no object when it comes to
concealer - I just want something that will make me look like I don't have two
black eyes! I tried this stuff a couple years back and liked it, but continued
to experiment. Several hundred dollars later, and I'm back to Fit Me as my
daily concealer. Is it the most opaque coverage? No. But, now that I'm 32 I
need something that isn't drying or cakey, and I'm willing to sacrifice a bit
of coverage for a more youthful, natural look. I played around with super
emollient concealers like Tarte Maracuja and It Cosmetics Bye Bye Undereye, and
I'm not saying I'm going to toss them out, but for every day this stuff wins
due to its easy application and blending. The doe foot applicator is a boon on
rushed mornings. The formula feels very similar to Nars Radiant, however I find
this gives a more natural finish. The Nars tends to dry up and crack on me. I
do use a color corrector first due to the severity of my circles (Armani, the
orange one) and I set with Laura Mercier Brightening powder and a spritz of Mac
Fix +. This combo is working beautifully. I say give it a shot. It's cheap as
hell and if you think it sucks just throw it in your purse as a backup.
Easy to apply. Good coverage. Doesn’t crack.
I ordered three shades (25, 30 & 35); two out of the three were opened. I of
course am returning the opened/used items and will be refunded. I also called
Amazon to make them aware of this. I was asked to leave a review as well, so
here it is.Now, it just so happened that the shade (30) that was sealed is a
close fit for me; it blended in with my skin nicely and brightened my under eye
shadows/circles. I've tried other concealers, but they were either too light or
orangey. I do not wear makeup, but I got tired of people (mostly family) saying
"you need to get some sleep" when I did get sleep. I doubt I'll order makeup
from Amazon again, but I do like this concealer.
a staple in my makeup bag. Was cheaper on here than in stores.
Easy to apply, very moisturizing with great coverage!
does not have much coverage
I received two of these in a package together for a nominal charge. The results
on my face are outstanding & plan on ordering again. I highly recommend!!
Every few years I find a makeup product that works perfectly and is affordable.
Then the inevitably discontinue it! I just found this, after looking for a few
years for a new concealer with more coverage. I am 32, fair, with freckles in
summer, dark circles all year long, and newly developing fine lines around my
eyes. I used to use covergirl concealer with a blue wand top. That still is the
only other concealer that doesn't settle and make my lines look worse, but the
coverage isn't strong enough now with darker circles. This product is just as
creamy and blendable, but gives more coverage. I have been using it for two
weeks and I love it. I wear contacts and this doesn't bother them or make my
eyes watery. Light (10) is a perfect match for me. I think I am in the middle
between a cool and warm complexion and this color blends easily with my fingers
and disappears, but makes my circles disappear as well! My lines look about the
same, or slightly less, than without concealer. They certainly are not
accentuated by this, as they were with the dozens of others I have tried and
threw away. I would pay double or triple for this, but am so happy it is
affordable! The price here seems to be comparable to other places. I am buying
extras now, in case it ever gets discontinued. By the way, on the rare occasion
I get a blemish, this covers that well too. I am so pleased with this and
recommend it to anyone with thin skin, fines lines, and dry skin who normally
experiences the caking or settling of concealer around the eyes!
this is literally the only concealer that matches my skin color perfectly
Whenever I use this concealer my skin gets redder than it already was and
starts to burn. I have a lot of other stuff from this brand and have never had
a problem though.
its nice and does the job, but i takes me like three layers, and smells like
sunscreen. But for the price its rlly not bad i just needed foundation
desperately since i ran out (sorry for the grainy photo idk what happened to
my phone)
This works great. The coverage is good and it's not dry..or shiney. Love it
Goes on very blotchy. It’s hard to blend. It doesn’t cover my black circles
around my eyes either. I’m just glad I didn’t pay much for it.
I love this way more than I expected to! A must have to your makeup arsenal!
Nice product, no issues. Sits well with cream foundations. Sits nicely with
primer
Mine came dried up with barely any in the container. Pretty disappointed as
thought found a convenient way to buy this product through prime. I think maybe
that’s why it contributed to turning out looking cakey and setting into the
fine lines underneath my eyes..
This has always been my go to concealer and I’m so disappointed I haven’t
bought it off Amazon before! My local stores sell it for over $6 for one so
getting it for a little over $3 is a steal!
I ordered 40 caramel because the shades 45 and 30 both oxidize to a deeper red
undertone. My skin is more on the golden side. If you are looking for a golden
undertone concealer try fawn from the l.a girl pro concealer. All of these seem
to oxidize and turn red. However, I have no complains for the formula.
So I originally purchased this for an under eye concealer to replace the one I
had just bought that ended up being the wrong color. This one was definitely
better. You can use this as your primary concealer, or your under eye. I am not
highly impressed, but I am also not disappointed. It works for it's intended
use, so I am happy. I wish they gave more product in the tube. I apply it with
the included applicator wand, and then blend it out with a brush or beauty
sponge. It does tend to make the skin feel a little oily. Removal is super easy
as well. Overall, it is a good product. I actually purchased this in another
shade right after using it once so I could use it as my primary concealer, and
my under eye. One con, the company needs to offer this is a bigger variety of
shades.
Time consuming to assemble but worthwhile
The product looks good in the morning but by lunchtime it is dull and clumping
under the eye. A couple times people asked if my eye was swollen too. I would
try a different color to see if it just was the light one I have but only
because it doesn’t cost much. Short term okay. Not an all day product.
I’ve worn this concealer for a while and the one from Amazon seemed older and a
little dried up which caused it not to spread as well and to feel clumpy.
Sadly this didn’t conceal anything.
Drawing
This is good for eye makeup but I concealed my under eye, chin, nose, and
forehead for highlighting and it’s pretty good and long lasting concealer.
love how easy it is to glide and apply the product, it’s almost like lotion. my
only problem is that it’s not high coverage and blends away too quickly. you
would need to layer it to get a higher coverage.
Easy to apply and blend into skin tone. Covered dark circles under my eyes so
well. Very satisfied
This had been my go to everyday concealer for years. It does not crease, covers
well and looks great!
I have purchased this product numerous times in the past and its my go to
concealer. The only issue I have is that It leaks on the side where you put the
cap on sometimes. But what do you expect, the product works well for everyday
use at a good price.
Amazing for the price. I have purchased expensive ones and did not like them as
well as I do this one.
Best concealer, so smooth and doesn’t crease. Blends easy and has variety of
shades.
Good
Love that its always the same quality and colour
It gets the job done. Not the best or the worst. I typically use this for under
eye and for contouring my nose and face. It could probably have more staying
power. I use setting spray religiously and this still seems to not give the
best conceal. Less water, more product please.
I wear for lupus “butterfly” rash. I was skeptical at first, due to cost, but
it works to help with that red warm area that’s called butterfly ( bridge of
nose and along the nostrils out to Cheka, looks like a butterfly) it’s been
hard finding a product to cover it. Mary Kay, until they discontinued.Overall
covers the area well with drying time descent too. Enough time to spread it
without drying too fast. I went down a shade of my skin tone. Not recommended
as a base for entire face. But great for spots needing cover up before
foundation applied.
A Lil on the watery side.... but still a good priced good product!
I used under my eye as a concealer, it was pliable but shade was off , too
light
This doesn't conceal the dark under the eye. It's also too light for my
complexion
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
I really like the concealer.. It's affordable, lightweight and covers dark
circles well.
It’s such a good match to my skin and doesn’t break my sensitive skin out
I have really dark circles. I was born with them and they just keep getting
worse as I age. I must have tried a thousand concealers over the years.
Probably many more than that but I dare not think about all the money I spent!
I ordered Fit Me in Light after seeing a YouTube video and how well it covered
the woman's dark circles who was demonstrating it. I got light although my skin
is medium. I always go one shade lighter with concealer because it has a big
job to do covering brown circles like mine. This concealer comes in a
convenient tube with a sponge applicator. It is creamy and the color is about
what I expected.It isn't thick but not runny either. I usually use a peachy
colored primer then apply concealer. I did this and my eye area looked great.
BUT...within an hour, my dark circles were back. Not completely but they were
in need of brightening. If only the concealer stayed put for even a few hours I
would be happy. I do lightly powder the area but need to be careful or else my
aging (I am almost 50) eyes will looked creased and worse than before.I like
this concealer but it just doesn't have the staying power I need. Not many do
so it isn't just THIS one that wears off. I have a couple that I like but even
the high end ones wear off in a few hours. Hassle. This concealer would be fine
for anyone who wants to conceal mild circles, marks and blemishes but, if you
need something to camouflage dark circles or other tough spots and you need it
to last, I don't think you will be completely satisfied with this one. I touch
up throughout the day with an eye brightener but for once I would like to go
out and feel confident that the way I looked when I left is the way I will look
two or three hours later. I am going 3 stars. The search continues and probably
will continue forever!
I love how this concealer is so creamy and it’s not too thick , but just thick
enough .
Great concealer
Purchased for my skin but it’s no good for that so I use to make my eye shadow
pigment ed and last longer through out the day. I like my concealer on the
thick side.
I was hoping for 100% coverage of the age spots on my face. This will lighten
them, but you can still see them... even with 3 layers on. It's ok for
lightening dark cicles...but nothing more dramatic than that.
It last all day but it could be a bit dry and creases a bit. Might be good for
oily skin. I have combination skin and can make it work.
Product was not sealed properly by the time it got to me. I have requested a
refund, which was easy, and should be processed in a few days.
I like the sheerness
This gave great coverage and blended super easy.
This product is good just that it made me break out so bad, I had clear skin
before it and the next day I woke up with a lot of acne, if you have sensitive
skin don’t buy this
I was skeptical about this product but I love it for my dark circles under my
eyes!Will purchase againVery easy to put on!
I may or may not buy these concealers waaay too often. Love them
I was hoping that this would be a drugstore replacement for the NARS Radiant
Creamy Concealer. It's not. But it is very cheap compared (the NARS product
runs $29 for the same size container). The color of this compared to the NARS
is a little beige-tanner, and the the NARS is a bit more grey. The Maybelline
is thinner and less richly pigmented, which is really the only issue that I
have with it. I have very dark purpley circles around my eyes (have since I was
a wee lassy) and concealer has been my only fix. I dab it around the inside and
under my eyes and use a concealer brush to smooth out and blend up onto my
upper lid (they're also very purpley). Since the coverage isn't quite as good
as the NARS, I go back over with a tiny bit of the NARS to hide things even
better. If my circles weren't so dark, I would definitely only use the
Maybelline. The Maybelline actually creases far less than the NARS does, so
it's a better "base" anyway. It has reduced the amount of NARS thatI have to
use, and I am very happy with this product!
I'm looking to update my makeup look as I mature. You can't wear the same
makeup at 50 you did at 30. So, I've been trying new things, looking for more
flattering formulas for my dry skin. The Fit Me line is really amazing. It
reminds me of the old Maybelline makeup of my youth. Light, soft, and
moisturizing. It blends beautifully and covers without being heavy. I have
multiple health problems therefore I have permanent dark circles under my eyes.
This covers them nicely without looking cakey or creasing. It covers red spots
without flaking as well, because now I get to have spots and grey hair. That's
fair, right? All in you can't beat the price, for the coverage and moisture.
Really impressed with this one.
I have serious dark circles under my eyes with deathly pale skin. Lovely, I
know. I also have a box of concealers. White or skintone lipstick types, green
powder, yellow cream, etc. Nothing works and I have a bad habit of not
bothering to return them.So........I thought, what's the harm in trying this
one, I haven't added to my box of rejects this week, so I bought this.SERIOUSLY
A GAME CHANGER!!!!I carefully do a somewhat triangle over my circles and blend
down my nose. Then I use the matching foundation. I honestly look human!!! I
recommended this to my daughter who has also been on a quest for the perfect
concealer. THANK YOU!
I use this on my chin where the skin is a little darker on the sides. Many
concealers don't really lighten well but I've been using this for years and
still like it. It goes on easily and blends in evenly. Stays on for hours. The
sponge tip lets you put it exactly where you need it.
I use this product around my eyes and it works great. Doesn't burn, has a nice
color, and it stays.
I love the fit me concealer. It doesn't look cakey which has been my problem
with other concealers. It blends beautifully. I use it as a brightner since I
don't need to cover anything. Since I use it as a brightner and I have pale
skin with freckles and some red on my cheeks I use the lightest concealer I
can. I had purchased 15 fair from the store bc it was the lightest in stock and
its very light and looks great. When I saw them here on Amazon I decided to get
the color 10 light. This is why I took one star off, when I pulled the wand out
I saw right away that it looked allot darker than 15 fair. I put them both on
my arm side by side then blended them out and it was considerably darker which
is odd bc it's supposed to be lighter. Keep that in mind if you're pale skinned
and looking to purchase this concealer. I absolutely love it and I will
continue to use it in the color 15 fair.
I purchased this on a whim for my dark circles and sporadic breakouts. I've
never picked my exact color match even in the store, let alone online, but I
did so with this concealer. I really like the amount of coverage this gives
you. It definitely conceals everything I need it to. My one complaint is that
it doesn't last as long as I'd like. That being said, I will be ordering this
again. The overall coverage and feel of this fair outweighs the issue of
longevity for me.
Kinda smells weird
I love this concealer. I have a hard time finding concealer that is light
enough for my complexion but this was perfect. I use it for full face coverage
and it works and looks great. The price was perfect. It was an excellent
purchase.
I tend to have oily skin so I thought this produce would work with my skin
type. It didn't. It was too dry, hard to apply evenly and didn't last long.
I used to get Mac concealer but I can’t get it on Amazon and it’s a little more
expensive. This is exactly like that concealer but cheaper and easier to get
It came a bit darker than i thought. It looked lighter in the picture though.
Good coverage.
I'm recovering from a bout of terrible cystic acne. I have dark scars around my
jaw and kind of all over my face. You don't have to use much of this to get
full coverage, so you don't end up looking like you're caked with makeup. I use
a little bit of this to cover the dark spots and in the corner of my eyes, and
then use a mixture of their foundation in 110 and 112 with a drop of argon oil
with a beauty sponge to blend it all. Seriously and highly recommended. It
stays on all day too. (Unedited photo, you can see my scars/texture, but this
concealer doesn't make it worse like most).
This this product creases and is rather drying
It’s ok but I’ve tried better concealers as this one appears a little cakey
Matched my skin & wasn't cakey
Best concealer. In love with it. Doesn’t cake under my eyes and last all day.
Perfect match for my skin
I have used this product for years. It works great as a cover-up for unwanted
flaws.
I would rate this 4.5 if possible since it was perfect for what I ended up
using it for, but it was not quite right for what I intended it for, that
being, covering my dark undereye circles. I read this was a very popular
concealer amongst beauty artists so thought I would give it a try.It was not a
good color for me to conceal my dark undereye circles, but it largely stays on
during the day, albeit it seemed a bit dry looking as the day wore on. Maybe I
needed a peachy-er shade. It seems not be able to counteract the dark bluish
tone to undereye circles despite being highly pigmented.It WAS perfect for
covering a bruise on my leg, it blended perfectly and did not come off all daySo far, my favorite drug store concealer. I typically shop high end products,
but things just tend to fall into my cart whenever I'm out and about lol. I
tried the fit me foundation, and its become a holy grail for me, so I figured
I'd give this a shot, It's not full coverage, it has a natural looking finish,
and it's lightweight. For those reasons I enjoy using it on light makeup days
under the eyes. Their shade range isn't that great, and this brand also does
animal testing, which are huge cons in ny book, but overall, I do enjoy the
product. I bought it mostly for testing and review purposes, otherwise I stay
far away from anything that isn't vegan or cruelty free.
Ordered 2 of these. I was a little sketchy that they did not come with the
tamper seal on it like this product does in store...it seems ok though.
The shade was a little too light but it was very easy to apply. It also
completely covered my dark circles. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this
product.
I bought Medium 025, Cafe 030, and Deep 035. I assumed based on the number
system and names that Medium would be the lightest of the three with Deep would
be the darkest. In actuality, Cafe is the darkest and the match for my
skintone. As far as contouring, the purpose of these purchases, two lighter
shades and one matching shade is not quite the ideal one lighter one matching
and one darker like I needed. The reason this particular color received four
stars and not five, like the other two colors did, is because I fully expected
025 to be the lightest and 030 to be my match. I did NOT expect 035 to be in
between 025 & 030... it's actually kind of blowing my mind...I thought I had
thought this through well enough before my purchase.
It didn't do much for me. Was watery and didn't cover anything
I have this concealer in two shades, 10 Light and 25 Medium. I use a
combination of both for my under eyes and just the 10 Light for spot concealer.
Two things to note: 1) This is a medium-coverage concealer so it won't
necessarily cover everything in one go and; 2) It's buildable, which is great
because I can use a dab to cover a dark spot or healing zit, and then build up
layers in another place that needs a little extra coverage. It's not the type
to replace foundation like some of the other concealers do but it does the job.
And it doesn't break me out even with consistent daily usage! Win for me!
I found this concealer doesn't cover my rosacea nearly as well as ELF
concealer. ELF concealer offers total coverage. This is lighter coverage. That
being said, it is moisturizing and lightweight. I'll keep it around for light
touchups or small blemishes.
I just bought this for a second time! As far as cheap or “drugstore” options,
this is one of the best concealers out there! Obviously Tarte’s Shape Tape is
the market leader and for good reason: it’s an incredible product but sometimes
I just don’t want to spend that much on makeup! Sometimes i just want to have a
cheap option that costs $5 that I’m not going to be tempted to ration out or
only use on special occasions. If you’re like me, try this concealer!
sheer, also too dark.
This concealer works great. It has the perfect size doe foot applicator. Most
concealers work on my under eyes but very few look good and completely cover
healing zits but this one does. It is just moist enough to not cake but not too
liquidly that you need to chase it around your face and hassle with setting
powders. My skin is on the drier side and sensitive but this does not cling to
my dry patches or break me out.The reason I took one star away is because of
the colors... light is too yellow and medium is a little pink therefore it
looks a little off on my light-medium, neutral skintone. But overall great
concealer... one of my favorites. No smell, no gross separation, not drying,
not runny, and didn't break me out.
Good
Purchased to cover under eye, dark circles & it was the perfect color, nice
blend overall very happy!
Love this! It covers really well and lasts all day. I can use it alone or with
foundation. I have a light complexion and blue eyes and the fair is a perfect
match for me. Doesn’t look cakey around my 62 year old eyes. Will order again.
I really like this product. It doesn't make me break out, and even though I'm
in my 20's, I have very sensitive skin. It's a bit lighter than expected, but I
still used it for highlighting and covering those pesky spots, when they show!
I recommend this product to anyone because it is lightweight and I used it
during my internship while working at Disney World in the summer in that hot
and humid weather and it still seemed to mostly last. 4 stars and not 5 because
it is definitely worth the price, and I can tell it is on the lower end of the
spectrum when it comes to make-up, but the price is right and I'm about to buy
it again!
So easy to spread on.Feels so good to your Face.
This concealer is the worst ive ever tried. When I used it for the first time
it was ok, but then after a few days of using it I broke out, my skin got super
dry, and my skin gor super oily. I do NOT recommend this.
Love it
I like that it looks nice. You have to put it on lightly, other wise it can be
thick. It lasts pretty long & moisturizing I didnt notice it.
My skin is a bit sensitive and I'm really starting to get those fine lines all
around my eyes where the skin ages a little faster (plus, I'm closing in on
40!). The color worked great for my skin tone, and using a beauty blender with
this helped keep the coverage even but light all around my eyes, making it look
a good bit softer, and helped mask the lack of sleep the night before. :) I
usually get a breakout feeling from foundation and concealers so I've never
really used them, but I had no issue with this. My skin has always been normal,
but is leaning toward dry as I get older. This didn't feel oily or create that
ugly shine, and the wand helps place the product in a nice even way. I think
it's a fantastic product if you're cost conscious or cost-prohibited from
getting different brands, well worth the money.
This is a fantastic affordable concealer. It has a doe foot applicator, which
makes it easy to apply. This concealer has great lasting power. It holds up
through my entire work day. I haven’t experienced any problems with melting
either. If you’re looking for an affordable medium coverage concealer, this is
the one for you! I like using two shades—the shade Medium for covering any
spots or discoloration on my face, and the shade Light for under my eyes and on
my forehead to brighten those areas, kind of like a highlighter without using
highlighter if you know what I mean.
I love love love this concealer! I used a bottle of NARS vanilla and needed a
new concealer but did not want to spend $30 on one bottle. After spending much
time watching reviews, I finally ordered this concealer. It is fantastic for
the price! It is a little less creamy than the NARS creamy concealer (go
figure) but it works very well and lasts a long time! I was my face
occasionally throughout the day so sometimes I have to reapply, but it is never
completely gone. When I was at Sephora, I was told by a worker to buy a shade
lighter than your skin color to help brighten your eyes. I ordered both the
light and fair, but the fair was a bit too pale for me. Even now during the
summer, the light seems to be getting a bit light (as expected since I am more
tan, but I may order a shade darker to use during the summer
Haven't had a chance to try out the product ( other than a swatch test ) and I
already like it! I was a bit worried about matching my skin ( cuz I'm pale as a
ghost), but did well with this! It is definitely going to blend in well and
give me that sun kissed lookAnd for my swatch test, a little baby dap went a
long wayCan't wait to use!!
Perfect match
I did not like this concealer at all. The coverage was horrible, creases and
was too oily.
Really happy with this inexpensive product.
I own both the fair and light shades. I wear fair in winter and light in the
summer when I have a little bit of tan. This is a great concealer for the
money. I wear it almost every day on my under eye area and I’ve already
repurchased once. I honestly like this better my Nars and Benefit concealers.
It goes on smoothly and covers well. I blend it with a real techniques brush I
got at target
I loveeeeeee this concealer! The color is perfect and the coverage is pretty
good. My friends also complemented me and told me my skin looked really smooth.
The only small problem is that I have oily skin so I can’t rlly tell if it’s
good for all day wear. But overall this is the best concealer I’ve ever had. :)
Absolutely love this concealer. When it comes to foundation, I usually opt for
the more expensive brands just because they've worked better for me. However, I
find that this concealer has worked just as well - if not better, than the
designer concealer brands I've tried. It's not only the perfect color for my
skin but also an amazing consistency. The wand makes application mess-free.
Love this product and the fact that it's on Amazon makes my life that much
better.
This does not seem like the same concealer I have bought from beauty store. At
least it works for a an hour or so. But the same one I have bought from the
beauty store lasts me all day without re-applying. I have to use a lot more of
this one and gets used up faster.
Good concealer but I got the wrong shade. Shades are not very accurate .
a lot darker than the picture :( i have pink undertones so it was too orangey
on me
First time buying this… not disappointing at all considering the price
It worked for my darkskin
I like the coverage and and the price and how easy it is to use
This concealer goes on wet but immediately thickens up and blends very well. I
think it has very good coverage and I like the applicator. The color is lovely,
my only gripe is that the very palest color (10) is too yellow and too dark for
my skin tone, but the 15 Fair, which has great pink undertones for fair skin
like mine, is a bit dark. It is definitely way too dark for my winter coloring,
but I use self tanner in the spring/summer and it will match that so I will
still get a lot of use out of it. However, if you are super fair and never self
tan, you might want to find another product because this will be too dark.
Love the coverage. Great for undereye circles. This is a good concealer.
i bought this thinking oh i usually buy it slightly more expensive at walmart/
target. RED FLAG NUMBER ONE. i don’t think too much of it but then it comes in
the mail with no seal no sticker nothing!! so i request a replacement because
hello this was clearly used before! my replacement comes in and it has the same
exact issue. RED FLAG NUMBER TWO so i’m just like whatever let me try it out
and my under eye starts burning along with the spots of concealer that i used
to cover my other blemishes so i’m horrified! RED FLAG NUMBER THREE!!in
conclusion i think this is a fake maybelline seller like it’s probably off
brand because i have used the original maybelline with no problems and it
definitely comes with nice packaging but this one did not. oh and i purchased
the shade 25 for references. i’m not sure if all the other shades are like this
but beware!
I usually use a fairly light shade, so I went with this. Well, it’s waaay too
light, and aside from that it provides very little coverage. I’m really not
sure what to do with it now, but it’s definitely not for me. I’ll stick with my
NYX
I have terrible bags under my eyes and I try and comaflague them with this. The
bags are still there but it does make them blend in better. It also helps
freckles and age spots or blemishes if they are in healing mode.
I have EXTREMELY bad dark circles under my eyes and I’ve struggled to find a
concealer to cover them and make them at least somewhat disappear. This
concealer did just that! My complexion looks smooth and you can’t tell that I
have dark circles at all! I would recommend pairing this with the Maybelline
Fit Me Pressed Powder if you’re using it for under your eyes so it doesn’t look
as shiny. 10/10 recommend! Very happy with my purchase!
It's a fantastic concealer and easily buildable!
Wish it wasn't so expensive but it is what it is. wish it hid my acne a little
better
The product doesn’t spread and it seems dried uo
Try as I might with other concealers, I always come back to this one. The
formula is perfect. I have combination skin that usually goes oily and
separates the product. But when I wear this my skin never looks too oily or too
cakey. It doesn't suck up my pores or transfer. The coverage is perfect and
also buildable. I don't wear foundation, I just use concealer to cover up
discoloration/spots, and this is the only one that has matched my skin so
perfectly that I don't have to cake on my entire face. Save your money with
concealers $10+, $15+, $30, I've tried them and am always amazed that this one
is just BETTER!
I’ve used the fit me foundation in golden caramel for a few years and it’s a
perfect match for me. This concealer is too orange and a bit too dark.
Good concealer. Not drying, yet not oily either. Creamy thick formula, so it
stays on well...moderately well. I do need to touch up blemishes throughout the
day. The price is reasonable. Doesn't break me out, nor does it have harsh
ingridents or scents in it. Gives decent coverage too. It's very much like Nars
creamy concealer.
Ok for the price, still not great though.
I really did not like this at first. I am PALE and this concealer was too dark
for me. The coverage was REALLY good though. I was not expecting that. I bought
this to use as an under eye concealer and to lighten my nose and forehead. I
was really sad that it was too dark for me. I seriously need to invest in white
paint lol. Everything about the concealer was great except it wasn't light
enough for me. I still use it, I just cover up and red areas or blemishes then
put my foundation over it. The wand is great to. Makes it easy to apply and you
dont have to get your fingers messy!
For a price is a good product
It feels good on the skin and it is really high quality for the price! Great
coverage
everyday bc i have ugly skin so it covers it, 5 stars
The product box was not tampered but the product itself was already opened and
used I am seeking a refund for it. They tried to hide the fact that it was used
by putting a white sticker on it. But the actual sticker that came on the
product was already used and most of the product is gone.
For the price and quality, this concealer is a winner. I have this both in
shade 20 and 10. When I'm in a rush, I can use shade 20 in lieu of foundation.
If not, I just use it to conceal the mild redness on my cheeks, uneven tone
down the center of my face, and under my eyes. I have combo fair skin with a
yellow undertone, so it doesn't crease except for right around my nose and
blends well on the rest of my face. I use shade 10 as a highlight and for
hyperpigmented spots on my face. I've gone through 2 tubes of shade 20 and am
ready for my next S&S shipment where I'll receive a fresh new one. I highly
recommend this concealer, especially to my fellow budget beauties. Just be
careful not to purchase when this product exceeds $6, usually it's $4-5.
This is good if you’re going for that natural look. It does not cover dark
circles all the way though
I ordered this because I recently went to the beach and needed a tanner
concealer. It was a little darker than I expected but what can you do when
ordering makeup off the internet. I own about 5 of these concealers in
different shades and the main complaint I have is that while they are dewey,
they really bring out the oil in my skin. Like I love how they look with no
powder but since I have combination skin, throughout the day their on my t-zone
really comes out with powder, I couldn't image how bad it would be without.
With that said really good and affordable concealer. Will be buying again.
I use this product as a highlight for my contour. This product was recommended
to me by one of my favorite beauty bloggers so I thought I would give it a
shot. I really do enjoy the way that it accentuates my contour. The reason I am
not giving this 5 stars is because if I was thinking of this as a concealer, it
really did not do much when it comes to covering up the dark circles under my
eyes or my blemishes which is ultimately what you want a concealer to be able
to do; however, for the price, it acts as a really great highlight so I would
recommend it for that purpose.
I took a chance buying this without ever trying it. I was lucky to get a match
right away for my skin tone. I was pretty impressed. I usually use Clinique
because I don't like how department store foundation and concealer feel, but
this is smooth and light and lets my skin breathe. I really like this and plan
on buying more. I'm thinking about trying the foundation too, but im a little
worried about finding the right shade. Luckily, Amazon has a great return
policy on both products!
Love! Just the right color for my fair complexion (not too much yellow like
some other brands). I don't have dark circles or anything but this definitely
helps brighten up my eyes and give face a fresh look. I also use it to cover up
some hyperpigmentation on my nose and chin. Tested it while out wearing my mask
today and it stayed put pretty well.
I decide to try this one for the price ! I just give it a try and it was so so
good it match my skin so goodit doesn't crease at all and i've tried expensive
ones but this one just become my fave I dont feel my pores clog it covers very
well its such a great product for a natural look :)
I haven't used the product much yet but I noticed a lot of people were writing
reviews about how theirs was open. Mine was not! It came in the mail perfectly
intact, if I decide the skin tone fits me and I like the product I would
totally purchase it again!
at first I thought the color was too light but then in normal light it was
fine. I used shade 10 fair.
really great coverage
I purchased this item after searching for cut crease concealer and reading the
amazing reviews. It has minimal to moderate coverage. Definitely not full
coverage, and virtually useless to those that like a smokey eye with cut
crease. Might be nice for those wanting a sheer to minimal, maybe moderate
coverage concealer.
This concealer is perfect for my mocha/cocoa skin tone. its not too thick so i
apply just a tad under my eyes, top lip and bridge of my nose, i usually let it
sit for 2-3 minutes before i blot away with the beauty blender then i add a
setting poder over it, but in all honesty, it does not make my face look ashy
or dry. i have not broken out and its also been easy to wash and wipe away by
the end of the day. its given me an all day stay. i'll be using this concealer
from now on because the others ive tried have been to thick and made me look
like a ghost!
So I bought this concealer to show these girls that men can pull off makeup. To
my surprise this concealer made me look great I got many compliments. People
asked about my skin care routine and I told them I use this concealer! Still
use it too
My wife absolutely loves this. She says it’s perfect to hide the dark circles
under your eyes.
I use it every day for a year and a half and I couldn’t be happier. Before I
discovered this, I was using an expensive concealer from Sephora which was
drying my skin under the eyes and it made my wrinkles even more obvious!! But
FitMe is very soft, blends good and covers all the spots and blemishes which I
have on my skin. I also ordered their foundation which is perfect!!! Not to
mention that it stays on the entire day. I work in a restaurant, it’s a
physical work, I sweat a lot and I touch my face A LOT. It even stays ON even
if I use napkins on my skin (like blowing my nose)
love how natural it looks on my skin, I bought 15 light and 20 Sand and it’s a
pretty good match. I used it all over the face instead of foundation and it
does the job! The only problem is how fast it creases under my eyes, as soon as
I blend it out I have to set it to prevent serious creasing. It’s a good medium
coverage concealer and if you build it up it doesn’t look cakey and I mean for
the price it’s worth it!
Love this product and used often without applying makeup over. Would order a
lighter shade next time as this was slightly yellow than expected.
I liked the coverage of this under eye concealer and was amazed it wasn't like
the other product I use to buy.I like to cover the dark circles but want it to
feel light not heavy.I will definitely buy this product again. great company I
like honest advertising.
it felt it was Burning my eyes! next day got sore eyes!
The product itself I had bought before and works great, I just never bought
from this seller. The product never arrived that is why I am leaving a 1 star
review-
I am totally satisfied with this product. The color is perfect and it blends
perfectly. An excellent choice for the price.
The color was a little off, but that’s not the company’s fault. I ordered the
light shade when I should have ordered the fair one as I am very pale. It did
cover well, but for some reason when I put it under my eyes it stung a little
(not enough to quit using it or anything).The lettering came off on my hands as
well.
It's a good concealer but it doesn't conceal certain parts of my skin as much
as I thought it would but it does the job. It does stay on for almost the whole
day which is good.
I have used this product many times before, and have sometimes switched to
other sometimes more expensive concealers but keep coming back to this one.
It's very reasonably priced and a little goes a long way so it lasts. I prefer
the color "Fair" as opposed to the color "Light" but Fair always seems to be
sold out at my local stores. Fair is better for cool toned skin (like mine).
'Light' is too yellow for me and looks much better on warm or more olive skin
tones. A little dab, gently patted in with a clean fingertip, does the trick,
either under foundation or over. Not waxy, chalky nor greasy. It stays put.
Really like this product.
I bought this product in combination with the "L.A. Girl Pro Coneal Hd. High
Definiton Concealer 0.25 Ounce 990 Orange" . They both together is a power
pack. It hides your dark circles very nicely and you don't even see it in the
camera lights.
I love all Maybelline products. I had a fit me phase where all I would do is
buy the fit me products. The foundation, powder, concealer, etc. And then I
stopped buying the fit me and went to superstay and then one day i decide to
buy the fit me concealer and it reminded me just how much i loved it.The
coverage is great and the concealer itself is liquidy and not that thick, which
i love and it’s easy to blend out.
Maybelline products are timeless. I love this concealer. It has great coverage
and the concealer matches my skin color. I apply with my finger or a slightly
damp sponge. It lasts all day
As we all know, covering shadows under your eyes is very tough. I once knew a
woman who successfully covered her shadows, but she used six thin coats of
concealer and it took her two hours.This stuff is good, but I think you’d have
to make a serious effort to cover your shadows. For most of us, two hours is
too much. At least I wear glasses and can cover the shadows that way.
This is good concealer, but did get creasy after two applications. I bought
foundation, concealer, and powder in this Fit Me line, and I'm very happy with
them. This concealer has a very nice cool tone - I have trouble finding
concealer that doesn't turn my under-eye yellow - and blends beautifully. It
doesn't cover perfectly, and when I applied a second layer with powder, it
creased pretty badly. However, it was very light and comfortable to wear, and
looked very natural. I might try a higher end concealer at some point, but I'm
pretty happy with this one for now.
I had given up trying to find the perfect make-up for my finicky, fair skin
when I purchased this concealer. My expensive, less-than-stellar BB cream had
run out, so I figured for $5, how could I go wrong? Even now, I can't believe
how RIGHT this product is for me (especially for the price)! This covers every
blemish perfectly, yet still somehow allows some natural pigmentation to show
through. After applying the concealer, I finish with Maybelline's "Fit Me Matte
Poreless Powder", shade Porcelain. Next time I will try Translucent for an even
better match (seriously, my skin is Vampiric). The combo creates a naturally
flawless look, blush optional!Note: I received no incentive to purchase this
product or write this review. Just a VERY happy customer!
I use the fit me foundation and love it...so I thought I would give this a try
too. It is perfect! I did get a shade lighter then my foundation and apply it
over my foundation in a "V" shape. Once I lightly brush it through I dab a few
times with my foundation brush to achieve the perfect match. I have very dark
circles for lack of sleep and this is the best priced and very good quality
concealer. I am going to purchase a shade closer to my foundation shade to use
around my line when touching up during the day with a lipstick brush. I am 59
and this works very nicely for me.
I was using a very expensive department store product to cover up the eczema
patches on my face about 3 years ago. I’m extremely self conscious about it and
was convinced I needed an expensive product. I saw this on a newsfeed about
great value products and bought it for my travel kit. It goes on smooth and
creamy and doesn’t irritate my eczema. I actually prefer it over my expensive
concealer that was almost 10 times the price.
I've heard many great things about this product and was anxious to try it out.
I have slight dark circles under my eyes and this concealer does a marvelous
job at concealing them and also brightening my under-eye area. This concealer
is a not too thick and and not too thin, so applying it with a damp beauty
blender is my favorite way to apply this product. I only have to apply once and
it does exactly what it's supposed to do. I'd say that it's quickly becoming
one of my favorite and must have concealers due to it's high coverage, on par
with some of my higher end concealing products. This a great product to try and
I highly recommend this! I'll definitely be buying one again when my tube runs
out.
Color and texture was perfect.
It's very sheer.
I liked it
I don't like a lot retail store make up but this has been my go to concealer
for 5 years now. I have oily skin so I like that it's lightweight but gives me
amazing coverage without settling into my pores or creases. Easily blends and
is buildable. Best advice because of it's light weight feature is to let it
"bake" with face powder before applying your foundation for maximum hold and
that matte finish. I also like wearing it alone around the shadowy areas of my
face and notice I don't need foundation afterwards. Which is perfect for my
days off or when I want to give my face a foundation break.
Once you find the right shade it's a good product
Good product for the price. Color choice is nice. It's best to use a concealer
brush with this product versus a beauty blender as the brush makes it easier to
apply evenly.
I was skeptical about it because I’m ordering online but omg it really is fit
me lol! I really don’t wear makeup but this is so natural it’s great to wear!!!
I don’t leave reviews.....
The color I bought was too light & it didnt go well with my skin tone. But
there's nothing wrong with the product itself. If I find my right concealer
shade, of course I'd buy this brand again. Eventhough it wasn't my correct
shade, it was a thick, all over concealer, which I will recommend this product.
Just mke sure u knw ur correct shade. This seller was so understanding &
refunded my money without any issues. He/she has a great customer service &
wasted no time getting bck with me, after I had sent them an email.
This concealer had been opened and was not sealed at all. The applicator wand
was messy and obviously had been used. Had to throw away.
I guess I didn't feel it was fair to leave a one or two star, since the
concealer SEEMS good. However, if this is the "lightest" shade they have in
existence right now, I do wish to request they keep us really pale people in
mind during their next meeting! Because this is WAY too dark. I'm what I like
to call "Casper shade with a hint of corpse".I can't wear this. And it's so
much lighter looking in the screen than it is in person. This photo was taken
in my bathroom but with natural light from the window.I'd make an oompa loompa
jealous with the shade of orange id end up with if I wore this on my face.
I bought Hazelnut and Cocoa. I first purchased Cocoa and that was to dark for
my face. So, I decided to try Hazelnut and that was ok but I don't like the red
undertone.They both are really smooth and are easy to apply. You don't need at
lot unless that's your thing. So a little goes a long way. It doesn't have that
heavy feeling when you are wearing it which is great.
Amazing product dark circles and covered them! So inexpensive better than the
100”s IV spent in the past! I ordered four more that’s how much I love this
product
I got the light one and the moment I applied under my eyes it looked really
dark and orange.i wanted it to brighten my eye but instead it did the complete
opposite.
Product is great, mine arrived unsealed.
i bought my daughter this because she was asking for it and she was doing very
well in school so i decided to get it for her and she loved it and it looked
really nice on her
I wish I would have taken a picture, I saw the concealers were on sale so I
purchased 2, a dark and light shade, I use the dark concealer to contour and
what I first noticed was the safety seal on my concealer had been really
carefully sliced to look like it was still connected but was not, I still ended
up trying it just to see if it was a fake and it went downhill from there, the
concealer was SO dry and difficult to spread, piled into one spot when I tried
to blend it and just looked terrible, I didn’t even try the other concealer I
ordered.
I love this concealer. I have used it just about every day for the past 2-
3 years. It's a great product. I will continue to buy it over and over again. I
use it on imperfections, blemishes, and my terribly dark under eyes. It is very
creamy and doesn't dry too fast, so it's easy to blend. I do notice it can
crease a little under my eyes if I don't set it with a powder, but it is better
than almost all of the drug store concealers when it comes to creasing, and
with a little powder it will last all day. I would (and have!!) recommend this
to friends or anyone who wants a high quality concealer that comes at a great
price.
It’s nice for natural look. It doesn’t do a lot if coverage which make sense Bc
it’s not expensive. But it’s good for a short amount of minutes/hours. As
someone with genetically dark circles, this is not really coverage. So if u
want something for coverage this is not it.
To be honest this arrived not sealed and it feels empty as hell. Like really
only in the sides of the bottle. I like how it applies but it’s new and why
does it seem empty? And not sealed??
This review is specifically for the shade MEDIUM - 25.I have the same concealer
in sable - 20 and love it for highlighting under my eyes. I got this shade to
neutralize darkness before highlighting. Unfortunately, this shade (25) is too
pink for me and women with similar undertones as mine (olive/yellow and gold)
will find it hard to use. It's pretty pink/peachy in coloration -I tried to
make it word but it came out looking odd. For Medium -medium tan skin with
olive/yellow/gold undertones I recommend Maybelline's age rewind in Medium (for
the right tone).TEXTURE- is fine for medium coverage, a little runny. Works ok
by me but not meant for covering heavy dark circles/ blemishes.ADVISE FOR
FUTURE BUYERS: Maybelline number their pink/peach undertones face products
(concealers foundations, powders) with a 5 in the end. Example 15, 25, 25 etc
while their Yellow/Olive toned products end with a 0 example. Keep that in mind
before making a purchase.
Like: I’m an old gal, with more brown spots on face, yearly, and yet fair skin
tone. I tried pricey cosmetics, science-created drops and photo light drops,
and none worked. Rechecked products from decades ago. Found on Amazon the stock
included a lighter tone than now-closed stores ever kept available. The
lightest tone is pleasing me.
Color is a great match, and it is in a nice tube
Good
I haven’t used this item I gave it to a friend as a gift but before I could
even give it to her the writing or brand name came off it looked like I used it
but only had it for 4 days and never opened it .
Wish I could find a lighter shade; I'm the very lightest in their foundation
range, and this was just a hair too dark on me. I can adjust it with powder and
such, but still sort of saddening. Aside from the color, though, I like it.
It's like a cheaper alternative to the Nars Radiant Creamy concealer; blends
about the same, still needs to be set with powder. It creased a little under my
eyes, but that tends to happen no matter WHAT I use, HOW I use it.
good product it covers my black circle but not 100% still good to the price I
will buy it a gain
I have yellow skin but this color worked perfectly for me!Just as a blob it
looked like it’s never going to blend in with my skin, but what do you know?
Just a few little dabs made my skin look like clear jade.And it didn’t feel
suffocating at all! I have combination skin and this worked for me!I 100%
recommend!
Was not sealed at all. Is thick. Not sure if this was used already by someone!
The color is different from back in the day
This is one of the only beauty products I have used up completely and re-
purchased three times. Being a beauty product junkie, this should speak to how
great this concealer is. I love that it's creamy enough to use under the eyes
and not cause dryness/creasing yet not SO creamy that you can use it on other
areas of the face and it won't move around. I feel like this is comparable to
the Nars creamy concealer for just a fraction of the price. The color is
perfectly warm, yet fair so that you can also highlight your face without it
turning ashy. I will continue to use this concealer for years to come.
Great for the price! Covers up my major under eye circles and does an okay job
covering blemishes. Have bought about four of these in subscribe and save and
keep using them again and again. Easy to blend and wears well!
You can create so many looks. I like the different shades they have. They are
easy to blend.
I have to mix white consealer to take away the orange in this product
I really love this concealer, both as an under-eye, and blemish concealer.
However, I've found that there is something in it that causes burning ONLY
under my eyes after I have used my face wash (Cerave Foaming Cleanser). Nothing
bad enough to make me not use it, I just try to wait longer after showering to
use it, and make sure there is no other product under my eyes first. I haven't
had any issue with creasing, or melting, with or without primer.
Just received it today, I applied it with my whole makeup routine and it
blended really well with my foundation, so happy and excited to finally find my
shade.
Perfect color for my complexion but a bit thin.
I'm not clear on what this would be used for. It's too thick and gooey to blend
nicely. I tried it under my eyes, and it would not blend without glopping in to
under-eye lines. I tried it just on red spots under foundation, and it was too
noticeable. I'm very fair skinned, brunette, and with "combination" skin. This
didn't make me break out, which was a plus, but it also didn't work as well as
the regular cover stick method. If you had just a few spots, you could probably
blend this out like a foundation to hide them, with some powder to "fix". It
seems geared to a very young woman without lines or dry patches.
So I really love the color and the product!! The only downfall is that it
doesn’t last all last long (which I think is part of longevity), because there
just isn’t enough product is what I mean. I guess I expected that (why I gave
it the 1 less star) but I get bummed having to rebuy it so maybe I will look
for a full coverage product of theirs that comes in a larger size like for
foundation. But I love the coverage and the wear. I will buy again though for
sure.
I love this brand and I always buy it, it’s lightweight, and as long as I know
my shade it looks great. It lasts me all day and i’ve never had a bad
experience with this brand. I will be buying again!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! This is the first concealer I've found that doesn't dry my
face out and doesn't cake. I use a beauty blender to blend it in and that works
great! Definitely covers everything I need it to.Will definitely be buying this
again and again!
My favorite concealer
Wow, I love this stuff. What a surprise. I've avoided all Maybelline products
for years because I react badly to their eye makeup. But I tried this because
it was so highly recommended. No bad reaction. It looks like it's going to be
too dark at first but it blends in perfectly. It looks smooth and doesn't
accentuate your wrinkles like most concealers. A little goes a long way so you
don't need much. It will migrate into lines if you don't set it with a little
bit of powder. That's fine with me. I really love the way it looks and I've
tried tons of different ones, most of them way more expensive.
Maybelline makeup works better than brands that cost triple the price. The
color!assortment is good. The cost is great. The quality can’t be beat.
I LOVED this product! I'm fairly pale and I was worried I would get too light
or too dark, but it wasn't! I will definitely be purchasing this product again!
It shipped fairly fast as well!
It’s so good I’m in love
I haven't had it very long so I don't know how much product is there, but I do
know I like the product. It creases much less than other concealers I've used
and the color is true to what you see on screen.
Fit Me concealer is very light and easy to blend- it's often considered a dupe
for Nars radiant creamy concealer. I'm fair-skinned and I have very strong
yellow undertones so this can look a bit orange on me, but it works beautifully
when I'm tanner in the summer. It does crease on my under eyes so I need a
translucent powder to set it. The coverage is good, not mind-blowing, but
covers up under eyes and pimples fairly well. I do need a color corrector if my
dark circles or acne is particularly bad.
Very , very easy to use , the thickness was perfect, the coverage was amazing
,was very happy with coverage ,use this under my eyes and was very very
impressed,will buy again !
One of my favorite makeup youtubers suggested this as a great drugstore
concealer. I bought it , used it and fell in love. I then bought it two more
times after my first purchase with Amazon. You can actually build on this
product for more coverage under your eyes without it becoming cakey and it is
easy to blend out with a beauty blender. Being a WOC (women of color) and this
product being a drugstore, it is usually hard to find concealers that match or
can be used for a highlight, this product on the other hand, didn't look ashy
and was not too light to use as a highlight under my eyes.
This works perfectly with fit me make up. It is so easy to blend in. It dose
not crease or crack. Stays in place all day. This is my favorite concealer to
use for a highlight.
Favorite!
I wanted to like this concealer but I just didn’t. I’m sure it’s a good
concealer for a lot of women and it definitely got many great reviews but I was
disappointed. I’m sure I’ll find one that works well on my skin.
I bought this after seeing it used in a make up YouTube video, I use it when I
want to do highlight and contour. Or if I have a blemish. I don't realy
recommend using this daily on top of foundation because it is heavy and for me
would cause breakouts if used often. But when I want to go out and do full make
up, it work very well. The color matched me when I bought it, but after tanning
it seems a bit to light. I will save it for fall/winter make up when I pale up
again!
I like this concealer The only problem with it is I had to add two coats
because I have Dark spots that I'm trying to conceal and it does work very well
This has been one of my favorite concealers so far. It is easy to blend, does
not crease as much as others (I have fine lines in my eye area). I use a sponge
to blend this in and it works very well with either a wet sponge or a
completely dry one (for more coverage). I've tried blending it with my fingers
too but I found it creases a little bit more than with my real techniques
sponges I use.I highly recommend using this in either young skin or more mature
skin (my mom uses it too and she looks flawless).
I was excited to receive this product because of the rave it got on makeup
review sites. I got #15 fair and it is a little bit too pink undertone for me.
To cover red zits, I don't want a pink toned concealer - it just makes it more
pink and not necessarily similar to my skin color. If it were more yellow, it
would be easier to blend and hide blemishes and dark circles. However, it does
cover up these things very well. I do not have to reapply it throughout the day
or 2 minutes after I put foundation on top of it. I am pleased with the
coverage. I may repurchase this product.
I have been using this concealer for years now, and every time I try something
new, I always gravitate back towards this one! I am an nc20, and purchased the
shade Sand, which is the perfect color match for me. I use this for concealing
blemishes, hyperpigmentation, priming my eyelids, and underneath my eyes. It is
a thin consistency, that is buildable. So it is perfect for no makeup, makeup
days. I also love the Maybelline Better Skin concealer, but they don't have as
good of a shade range. The Fit Me will always be my go to!
Since the question of presentation came up , yes it could be a little better
looking and the wand portion is cheezy. I don't like this kind of applicator.
With that in mind, this is my perfect shade of skin. This is exactly my color.
I bought this online to try and see and it worked out wonderfully. I would like
to find this shade in a foundation. Please let me know if there is!
I've been using this Maybelline concelour for quite some time now and I was
happy that I found it on Amazon for a cheap price. However when I started using
it, I had really dark under tones, which I don't have and I can immediately
tell that this isn't the same formula that I have been buying before. It's
still the similar constincey but it's not as good as the real thing. Instead of
brightening my face, it darkened it. Presentation looks the same.
THE CONCEALER IS GREAT
Great concealer - it's not too heavy, but not so thin that it doesn't give good
single-layer coverage. The 10 Light color is a little bit warm-based - I've
read that the 15 Fair is more of a cool undertone, so I'm going to try that,
too. I have a weird splotchy complexion that's pink in some areas and a little
warm/neutral in others; this is perfect for the warmer areas. It covers
blemishes wonderfully, and stays put during the day, especially with a setting/
finishing spray. It doesn't irritate my cranky, sensitive, zit-prone, 40-year
old skin, and doesn't look crusty or chalky.
This concealer works great, i love it. I was a bit weary that it would be too
light for my skin tone but it’s perfect!
If you’re looking for a medium coverage hydrating concealer this one is
perfect. Looks extremely natural and doesn’t cling to any dry patches. Only
complaint is when I re ordered it again on amazon the shades seem different. Re
purchase did not match my skin color at all.. not sure what’s up with that.
Small, sleek and ready to go anywhere. #10 fair Clair was the perfect blend in
Maybelline New York's 'FIT me!! Line. Has a velvet applicator for an opaque
coating. Soft hint of pleasant fragrance and a light airy feel make this an
instant go to in my makeup bag or to toss in the purse for quick touchups.
usually the concealers i get are way too light for my skin but this one was
more decent than those. there was no issue
I bought the "Light" shade as recommended by the product description to
compliment my Classic Ivory foundation and the concealer is very very close to
being the same shade as the foundation. I thought it was actually darker than
the foundation at first... I would have bought Vanilla, but it was not
available and it looks like it would be much lighter than "Light". It's a good
concealer, I just want more shades.
Great coverage amazing price!
Easy to use and gods under eye puffy ness
I ordered medium 25. I m nc 30-35 & w3 or w4 in loreal true match and
Maybelline fit me Matt and poreless mix of 220 & 120. Medium 25 is my perfect
match which is what I wanted to conceal dark circles. Works OK to hide dark
circles but not puffiness. Also doesn't last long. Disappeared after 2 hours
specially if u r oily. But hides dark circles relatively well. Will purchase
again.
BEST concealer. It’s so creamy and a great dupe for high end concealers. It
feels really moisturizing and doesn't clump or crease. It works best if you use
your ring finger to apply it or a mini beauty blender! I love this concealer
and have been using it for like 5 years and would never change!
Thank you
I had high hopes for this concealer. I will not be buying it again once it runs
out. It did not cover some dark spots on my cheeks as I would have wanted to. I
also noticed that it settled into some lines.I have already found a
replacement: Maybelline Instant Rewind Age Multi-Use Concealer, Medium to Full
Coverage.
I purchased this for a cheaper option for a summer concealer. The color was
perfect! Will buy again!
I've heard how great this line is for years, but have never gotten around to
try it out. I was previously using a concealer from another brand that I loved,
but it was discontinued so I thought I'd try it out. I know that in the past
Maybelline was known for its eye makeup but most of the face products they
released were gimmicky and didn't stick around. This is definitely a quality,
usable makeup. It blends really well and doesn't settle in to my wrinkles. I'm
not that old and don't have deep wrinkles, but some drug store concealers
really target those fine lines! This product is a winner if you're looking for
an affordable concealer.
Very thick hard to applyDisappointed expected more based on great reviews.Very
little product in tubesDidn't pay much but it was a real waste of money. Hate
having to just throw it outOnly option for was to have another tube sent?
I've been pretty pleased with Maybelline products so far considering its a
larger brand. Prices are great and the product works as it should. No
complaints. With that said I'm new to makeup. Still lots to learn.
Okay. I am not an expert when it comes to make up. I barely wear make up but
fell in love with the whole “on-fleek” eyebrow make up that many women out
there are sporting on. I being a novice manage to create the look with this
concealer. The concealer is just right with my skin tone.(I’m very
pale)Overall, I like how the product is light weight on my skin and it blends
in just right.
Color was fine but it cakes and settles into creases.I couldn’t find any of the
No 7 I was using in Thailand. It was perfect. The search continues. This is
going in the trash.
Been using this for months and have been completely satisfied. It’s got good
coverage and have had no issues with it last the whole time. Its the first time
I’ve ordered it online though. I ordered it less than a day and a half ago and
it arrived last night. Super shocked but super happy.
I have used several concealers and this one rates high for coverage.
This concealer is amazing! It does everything a concealer should do, and for
the price, you can't beat it. It's so light weight, it barely looks like you're
wearing anything and yet it covers so well. I have a lot of redness around my
nose and on my eyes and it covered all of that right up for me! I also got a
small scratch on my chin from my dog and it covered that right up too! I can't
say how good it is for acne because I don't have that problem but I image it
would do very well. I would have provided pictures to support this but my
camera is very poor.
I love the Fit Me! foundation so I decided to try the concealer as well. I'm
not AS crazy about this part of the line. The color is much lighter than
pictured. I bought 15 Fair and it's very, VERY light - almost ivory with very
little of the brown tones in the photo. It's very thick and opaque so it offers
a lot of coverage. But be careful how much you apply. If you slap this on like
other thinner concealers, you'll be blending for a long time.
Delivery took almost 2 weeks and the product was NOT sealed and used used!!!!!
Wish I could have more product in this bottle. I have a bunch of wrinkles under
my eye and need A LOT of coverage and this one bottle is NOT enough. I
subscribed to to this bottle to get it every 2 months but it seems like I'll
need it every month!!!! The coverage is great but that's only if I use the
whole fricken bottle on ONE makeup sessionI really like the applicator it
comes with and its best to blend with a beauty sponge or tips of fingers.
concealer doesn't move throughout the day once you set it. Reason for the 3
star is the fact that I only used it twice and it's already gone because I have
to use so much product !! For the price it's not too bad a bit expensive
especially with how much you're getting.
I love this concealer! I normally purchase this at Walmart but this is nicer
and the price margin is better! It has lasted me a while and I’m definitely
going to purchase it again.
I’ve been using this product for years now, and it’s treated me well all this
time. I’m a very low maintenance makeup wearer, I do moisturizer, spf, and then
use this product wherever I have some redness and under my eyes. It’s super
lightweight with plenty of coverage, I have oily, acne prone skin and it’s
never caused me to break out.
Ladies, I am a dark color woman and I bought a sand color end up wayyyyy! To
dark...so try another brighter color than what you think
I wasn’t sure what shade I would be, but u have skin that is a bit light, so I
chose fair. It matches my skin very well and works great!
Right color, right consistency to cover dark circles under the eyes and to tone
down red skin on nose that got overexposed to the sun.
Covers dark circles
I love the coverage it glides on smoothly and blends into the skin easily. I am
42 and I have some lines on my eyes and it doesn't crease it looks nice
This product is okay for the money. For sure. I just needed to return it
because I ordered Some expensive make up that I’m told will work better for my
skin I need full coverage this does cover but it’s very light, it’s very hard
for me to find a make up that fits my skin other than that this product would
be OK the seller refunded me and let me keep the concealer I am just going to
regift it to someone who may use it
I’ve tried many concealers over the years and this is my favorite. It was
recommended to me from a professional makeup artist. It’s sheer, moisturizing,
and very easy to blend. Aaaaand it’s very affordable.
I use this product for my under-eye area. The color of this concealer works so
well for me. I'm quite fair and sometimes have a hard time finding makeup for
my skin. Thankfully, this matches my light coloring and also helps me to look
more "awake!" I'm almost 30 and have a sweet toddler who keeps me on my toes.
I'm so lucky to have her! But I do look more tired these days, and blending a
small amount of this concealer uner my eyes seems to wake up my whole face. I
should have tried this product before....any time I'd look in the mirror I felt
that I looked tired and run-down. Now I look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed
again! ;)
Love these concealers.
This stuff is amazing. I'm 28 years old and I have NEVER found a concealer that
worked for me. And believe me, I've looked. No shade match. Too heavy coverage.
Too light coverage. Almost every one ended up looking uneven or chalky on my
dry, sensitive skin.This concealer has the perfect consistency and coverage. It
applies like a dream - blends smoothly AND stays put for hours. Although the
product has enough coverage to hide dark circles, it doesn't feel heavy on your
face. The only flaw I could think of is the packaging; it applies with a wand
(similar to lip gloss) which I don't care for, but for under 5 bucks this
concealer is an absolute steal.
I have been using this concealer for years and I love it for spot concealing (I
don’t use any under eye concealer as it all looks too heavy on me). Works great
with and without any base makeup! Super natural and amazon is the best deal if
you already know your shade
This product is great. You can build it up easily and its nice and creamy. Its
also great for cleaning up your eyebrows. I will definitely buy again.
Its a small bottle, but it works perfectly! Love it! Definitely recommend!I
have very light skin, and I got ivory. (wich is the Lightest color).
Perfect color. I like the chart that tells you which color to buy based on what
fitme foundation you own
I haven't opened it because i may send it back. I can confirm the other
reviewer who posted a photo that this really isn't light. I guess I needed
"fair". I thought fair would be too light because I have olive undertones......
Very good
This is my all time favorite everyday concealer. Super easy to apply whether
you want to apply it with your fingers or a beauty blender. Very comfortable
and has great coverage. Definitely would recommend and it totally worth the
money!
Don't wear makeup at all. I thought I would try something new. It matched my
skin color online and also when I received it but putting it on felt coloring
my face with a crayon. I don't know if I felt it would match accurate or what
but it wasn't for me.
Love these concealers.
This stuff is amazing. I'm 28 years old and I have NEVER found a concealer that
worked for me. And believe me, I've looked. No shade match. Too heavy coverage.
Too light coverage. Almost every one ended up looking uneven or chalky on my
dry, sensitive skin.This concealer has the perfect consistency and coverage. It
applies like a dream - blends smoothly AND stays put for hours. Although the
product has enough coverage to hide dark circles, it doesn't feel heavy on your
face. The only flaw I could think of is the packaging; it applies with a wand
(similar to lip gloss) which I don't care for, but for under 5 bucks this
concealer is an absolute steal.
Good
I have skin that will break out if you look at it the wrong way, but this stuff
is not a problem for me. My esthetician that specializes in acne treatment
recommends this as one of the few products that legitimately has no pore
clogging ingredients. I put this on my red spots and dab with a beauty blender,
then apply some light mineral makeup. Does a great job for me of reducing
redness without looking super caked-on. I am pretty pale and use 10 Light. I
hope they never change the ingredients!
I don’t sleep very good and get light brown circles under my eyes and the
concealer really helps in covering it.
I was using a designer concealer for years. This is my second ever low price
concealer. Love it. Why spend so much when you can have similar quality paying
less
I love it so much!! The only thing i don’t like about it is that it ran out
quickly, but that could also just be bc of me
It’s okay. Make sure you get the right color for your skin. Not sure I would
buy it again.
If I lost all of my makeup and could only buy one product, it would be this. I
have some of the worst dark circles and very fair skin, so concealer is
essential. I'm not saying this completely covers my super dark circles, but
when I use this over an orange corrector, I actually look awake and healthy.
This is the one concealer I've found that actually looks like skin.Remember
that #15 Fair is lighter and more pinkish than #10 Light, which is deeper and
more golden. I'm an NW20-25 and use #15 in the winter and #10 in the summer. I
have a drawer full of concealer and this is the best.
Here are some photos with and without flash. I have pretty deep eye sockets so
it's hard to conceal but this does a pretty good job! The finish is very
natural- I do wish it had slightly more coverage. Didn't really blow me out of
the water and don't think it lives up to the hype for me, personally.
This concealer is perfect. It does the job well. It helped conceal my hard to
cover brown spots under my eyes and facial redness.
My favorite concelear I will keep repurchasing it. Does not look cake and gives
great coverage. I highly recommend
The color is too yellow. It's supposed to go well with my skin tone but the
color is more of a custard tone. It works better for those with warm undertones
I really enjoy this concealer. It is thin and easy to apply. Just keep in mind
it isn't amazing at covering dark circles, but I purchased this to eliminate
the annoying wrinkles I always get under my eyes from every concealer. Though
it doesn't completely eliminate the wrinkles, it does a good job and I would
probably buy it again if I am looking for a low-cost concealer.
Good product matched well with my skin, maybe a little too oil for me in the
sun.
It has pretty good coverage, but the lightest shade they had was still slightly
too dark for me. I can definitely make it work though. It does however crease a
lot, and will make my wrinkles more prominent even with setting powder. I'm
only 20, so I dont have many wrinkles to begin with. For the price I suppose I
can't really complain. I'll use it till it's gone, but won't be purchasing
again.
was nice and matched for me pretty good
Must have item. Affordable and works great. May need to put a lot to cover
stuffs on the face or something but it works so that matter most to me.
I decided to go with Maybelline instead of MAC this time and honestly it does
the same job as the more expensive brand. I'll order again! The color was good
on my fairer completion too.
Lighter than other brands with that same color name, and I’m not tanned at all.
Can’t use it.
I like this overall. The color isn’t as light as I thought. Also the applicator
is very small and not as big as I would like. For the price, great deal
overall!
First time using this concealer and I love it. Matches my shade perfectly as
I’m very pale so hard to find. Great coverage!
This was exactly what I was looking for , for my raccoon eyes! It’s covers all
of my dark circles up! Highly recommend this
I love this concealer. It blends well with my foundation and powder. It gives
you that matte flawless look.
I Bought it to cover dark circles under eyes but it didn’t work
Good
Not thick or cakie!! Even covers my psoriasis!!
It might just be me, but this stuff has a bad reaction with my eyes.
This product does its job well; it’s great for hiding blemishes and dark
circles under the eyes. It doesn’t cake and lasts for a fairly long time.
Product has great ease of use and smoothness when applied. The products ability
to blend is helpful when applied to friends I do makeovers on.
Did do a thing for me. No difference at all. Doesn't cover dark circles.
I've waited a few weeks to write this review, so I could really try this
product out. I bought the lightest color available and it still seems slightly
dark for my skintone. I am not overly pale either. The concealer almost has an
orange tint to it, which I am not fond of. The coverage is decent, but I
definitely prefer my MAC concealer over this. I am a bit disappointed, because
I read so many great reviews about this and I found it to be just average.
Don't get me wrong, it is a pretty good drugstore concealer, but I don't really
think it adds up to all of the hype surrounding it. The coverage was decent and
the consistency was nice- not too thick and not too thin. Overall, it was okay,
but I probably will not re-purchase after I use this up.
This concealer is just kind of okay. As in, I used the whole (super tiny!!)
tube and it covered some blemishes but not ideal for under eyes and the
applicator is very thin, as is the formula. Not impressed and definitely won't
be repurchasing. There are way better concealers for just as inexpensive!
Normally get it at Walmart but they stopped carrying it. Started using this
product a few years back, still love it as an everyday concealer. Will stick to
amazon from now on!
Meh. It's okay. It works well in certain areas of the face. I used it under my
eyes and it didn't really do much. I wouldn't buy it again.
This product is so thin I have to double up on application when I use it. This
is the thinnest computer I've ever used in my life. Maybe one can use it to
outline their cut crease or two out liner cut crease and then wipe it off but
this is not a good under eye concealer in my opinion. I've use cheaper
concealers that do more for me and my clients.
I have use this over so many different foundations and it has consistently been
the best highlighter. I have used it over smashbox Studio skin (3.1 ish range),
Armani luminous silk (8 &9), too faced born this way (caramel), supergoop cc
cream (dark). I used to use fit me #20 but now I find #25 to be a better, more
natural fit. #20 was a little more dramatic. To bake, I use the RCMA no color
powder, which makes it look really smooth and flawless.
it was smaller than i expected. and it works ok, but it wasnt like "woah this
is great".
I love this concealer. It's not too heavy, very light but still creamy enough
to conceal. Using it and the maybelline foundation really works well together.
It works pretty well. The color is a little too "pink-ish" for my complexion
which is fair but w/more yellow/orange tones. I bought it because the product I
usually use isn't available right now. It's also in a smaller container than
the product I normally use, but costs less, so the price probably comes out at
about the same. Don't know yet how often I'll have to replace it.
It covers my dark spot okay-ish because it is not a full coverage concealer.
So far this is my favorite concealer - although I will still continue to look
for the perfect one for me. I love high end products, however I've just bought
way too many concealers that didn't deliver. This one is very good especially
considering it's only about $5. Can't beat if for the price. It's certainly
better than the similar NYX product
To be honest, I’m lil obssessed with make up, so I own lots lots lots of make
up products and never get to use anything up.This is one of the make up
products from my collection that I ran out and had to purchase again.This is
the best concealer ever!!It covers really well, but still not too heavy on your
skin.My make up is not complete without this Fit Me Concealer, just love it so
much!
Great every day concealer for the price. Goes on smooth, good coverage. You
don’t get a lot, but it’s not expensive. I’ve purchased this a few times now
and still happy.
It’s doable!
Very good but it kinda makes my skin burn so I dont rlly use it much
I usually buy this from Walgreens but it’s actually like $3-5 cheaper on amazon
so this is where I will continue to purchase it. I have acne prone skin and for
the most part it covers up my blemishes pretty well. Overall I really like this
product and I love the price point even more!
It is much darker than the last time I purchased it. It is also much thicker
and harder to spread or blend in with base. It falls into every tiny line
around my eyes and seems to "cake" up and crack throughout the day. I have
never had an under eye concealer this awful before.
I always buy fit me foundation so I thought I’d give the concealer a shot and
it was amazing! It holds all day with no problem. I love it. Blends easy, stays
on forever! I would 10/10 recommend!
I got 15 Light and it’s more for darker color skin. I’m pale skinned and it
looks orange on me
It was a good price, but it was runny and too sheer. Bot enough coverage.
I have been paying $30 every few months for NARS radiant cream concealer
because I thought it was the best. But I bought this for like $5 and can’t tell
a difference. Same quality as “high end” makeup for 1/6 of the price.
Good value for the money. Does its job bery good. Reordered many times. My go
to concealer so far.
I love this for a “drugstore” concealer. I’ve used it for years and will
occasionally buy an expensive concealer and I have no complaints or problems
transitioning back to this one time and time again. It’s easy to apply, blends
nicely and seems to last forever.
I tried this product on for the first time this morning and boy did it wake me
up. Not in a good way. After washing my face, applying face serum, moisturizer,
and then primer, I applied this product in an upside down triangle under my
eyes. It burned like Satan's balls. Oh my lord, I jumped up and down and ran
around the bathroom. I think I was unconsciously running from the pain. After a
while the burning subsided. Oh and the color is just too damn light but I have
to say it is highly pigmented. I'm pretty sure the area below the concealer
application is a valley of red anger, but you cant see it because the concealer
does it's job so well..
I'm disappointed in this product. My skin has been breaking out and I thought
this product would help with that. It didn't do it's job to conceal until I
over applied with product. I don't feel comfortable doing that because I know
it would make the acne worse and take longer to clear up.
I’m not used to this type of concealer, so it took me a bit to figure out how
to use it effectively. It’s far too dark for my skin tone, but dabbing away
excess and using another (much lighter) lipstick-style concealer produced a
very good effect. If there were a lighter color it might work better on its
own.
I like the Fit Me! Line from Maybelline, however this concealer was not my
favorite. I like medium to full coverage concealer and this is light to medium
coverage in my opinion. I didn't have any issues with blending this. I love how
this comes in a huge shade range!
Really excellent drugstore brand. Blends very well and provides full coverage,
comparable (but not identical) to NARS creamy concealer. Apply to one eye at a
time and blend with a beauty blender because it does begin to dry and set
fairly quickly and by the time you get to the other eye, the product will have
set itself. Does oxidize a BIT but I have found using a lighter shade or one
with cool undertones instead of warm minimizes how obvious that is.
I can never find this in stores any more. So I ordered it here and found that
it was actually the low of a price. Got the subscription for it and been happy
since. Life saver really
This is my holy grail concealer for my dark under eyes. I have genetic under
eye circles; they aren't caused by being tired, I just have thinner skin so the
blood vessels are more visible causing darkness. I've tried benefit erase
paste, smashbox cc cream, it cosmetics bye-bye undereye, nars concealer, and
tons of drugstore brands. This one is the best of them all, and its so much
more affordable. I apply it first with the provided wand, and then dab it in
with a mini beauty blender before setting it with translucent powder. This is
the best coverage I've ever found. Buy this!
The color is perfect and the sheer essence is great! Blends well with my
foundation. This product is moisturizing because it doesn't dry out my skin
When I tried it on I was in shock. My face just brightened up from before and
it hid my dark circles really well which is crazy since I’m always tired. My
first thought was just, “Woah, magic.” I would definitely recommend! :)
Great coverage!! Just what I needed!
I dont wear alot of makeup ..this covered the spots I needed covered and is
long lasting.
Easy to use.
good product have always liked it but no safety seal on the tube it’s self so
kinda risky
I recieved one with the safety seal broken and it looked like it was a sample
tester! So I requested a replacement and was sent a new one!! It works good!!
This Concealer is great! I have purchased fair (#15) and light (#10) and
although light has a lower number, fair is definitely lighter in color. I am a
very pale (always burn in the summer) scandi-canadian and the light is a dead
ringer for my skin tone. I use the fair as a highlight. The product is thick
enough to cover blemishes and blends easily with a beauty blender. I also find
it's great for baking the face. I'm not as much of a fan of their fit me
foundation, but I'll definitely be buying their concealer again and again.
Got for mid to full to light depending how you use it I would definitely
recommend
My new favorite concealer hides blemishes great perfect shade great price
Loved the smoothness of how it glides on. Covered my dark circles @ it was a
perfect match to my skin tone.
I ordered the color "light" and I have OLIVE-toned skin with a tendency toward
oiliness.I'm new to using concealer for my under eye circles so I don't have
much to compare this to. It seems to work on lightening my dark areas with
decent pigmentation but it does settle into fine lines a bit and it doesn't
stay in place as much as I'd like it to. I'm giving it 3 stars based on
reasonable price, good pigmentation, color accuracy for my olive toned skin and
the fact that this smells fine (no strong, obnoxious odor).Overall I wish it
had better staying power and didn't settle into my fine lines. I'll continue
using this brand until I find a better alternative.
I don't think this concealer really covers enough to be considered a true
concealer as it's very light and sheer almost like a bb cream. It's also very
drying for a liquid. The skin under your eyes is so delicate that the last
thing you want is for it to become dry. This product would probably do well on
greasy oily skin, but it's not so good for normal/dry.
Ordered this two days ago for my bags under my eyes and a few blemishes, it is
awesome! Especially for the price. Love it and can’t wait to do my full face of
make up after applying it. 10/10!
Affordable and pretty good
It’s alright. Not much coverage for a concealer in my opinion. Not bad though!
This is a great concealer to have. I ordered the honey shade, and I am African-
American with a medium-brown complexion. It really lightens up my eyes and
helps to hide my scars. To top it all off, it is really affordable. Definitely
recommend!
I already had the fit me foundation so I bought the concealer as well and these
are my new favorites!!
For this color to be 35 deep it is pretty light. It is lighter than 30 Cafe
which should not be the case. Deep should be darker but it's not. But this is
okay. I bought it to highlight underneath my eyes anyway so I will definitely
make it work. But I think that Deep being way lighter than the color Cafe is
just a manufacturer problem by Maybelline and maybe they need to reformulate it
to make it darker. But the concealer over all is pretty good. It does not
crease on me but everyone is different. I just wanted to review this for my
darker skinned ladies. This lighter than expected so be cautious and maybe pick
up 30 cafe
I am more than happy with this concealer and I'm a man. It looks great on my
skin and blends very nicely. I know some are going to say men shouldn't wear
makeup, but when your gay like me you got to look perfect for that man!
For the Fit Me concealers, this is their lightest color. I'm very fair, yellow
undertone (NC15) and this concealer is too dark. It's still usable thought
because of the yellow undertones to cancel out under eye blueness, but I need
to blend with foundation color. After work touch up sometimes needed, gets bit
cakey at the end of the day. I also ordered a NYX concealer which was a much
better color match, bit lighter consistency.
Love this concealer. It does crease after time tho. I do set/bake ...but still
some creasing noted. Overall amazing for the price.
It was darker than I expected, but rather than waste it, I decided to use it to
do some slight contouring in the darker, more hollow parts of my face, and used
a lighter concealer from a different line (the Maybelline master conceal) to
highlight. It actually worked well, and since I'm almost out of it now, I'm
thinking about getting a new one, but I'm leaning towards using a slightly
darker one from the Maybelline Master Conceal line instead. However, I'd prefer
a slightly darker concealer with cooler tones to match my skin better. I'm also
debating whether it's worth it or not. We'll see.
Great application.Good coverage.Great match.
I usually mix this with my moisturizing gel to create a thin coverage over my
face. When used in this way, the concealer works great! If I don't dilute it, I
find that it is a bit heavy on my skin, and settles into some of my creases
over the course of the day. However, I love how this product is affordable, and
does not irritate or stimulate my acne-prone skin. Would repurchase!
Im 65 and there aren't a whole lot of products that can be used on mature skin,
Love this.
I have used this concealer for years. It matches my skin tone and has nice
coverage
This product provides light coverage. It has a nice texture; however, if you
need more complete coverage there may be better options out there.
PLEASE DONT BUY HERETRY TO GO BUY IN PERSON. THIS CAME OPEN AND BROKENIt wont
close
I've used this product once so far and I liked the texture of the creaminess. I
ordered "Fair". It was surprisingly exactly my skin color, which is a good and
bad thing. I was hoping for a little bit lighter for a stronger coverage. I do
prefer NYX's concealer Prof. Makeup HD Concealer in "Fair". Overall a better
product than this one, in my opinion.
Great concealer and not to thick! Does not settle in fine lines and will most
definitely purchase again. Easy to blend and does not cake on top of your
foundation!
It has a texture consistent enough to cover the dark circles and at the same
time it is thin and soft to don't create a mask effect on the face.You do not
need a large quantity, so the content of the bottle is enough for a long period
of time. It is perfect to take you on a trip since it does not take up a large
space
i really really really liked this concealer ! of all the concealers i’ve used
this was definitely my favorite.
I'm a loyal fitme concealer consumer but apparently every girl in my area
happens to also use the same shade, selling out at every store right now. So
I'm just hyped I was able to get it via Amazon.
My favorite concealer. Very good both under eyes and on blemishes or acne
scars. Not drying or irritating for dry and sensitive skin. Doesn't seem to
cause me acne. It's the easiest and smoothest formula of concealer I've worked
with and despite the "fair" color being a pink undertone and therefore not a
perfect match for my yellow toned super light porcelain skin-it blends right in
and doesn't seem to be noticeable. I would highly recommend this concealer for
everyone to try but I don't if those that are quite oily will enjoy this or if
it will have that great of lasting power on pretty oily skin.
I love this concealer. I have tried a lot in the past and some a lot more
expensive than this one that didn't give me nearly as good coverage. For the
price point this is a great all round concealer. It was a little lighter than I
expected but it works just fine at concealing the bags under my eyes and also
any blemishes on my skin. It also blends really well and doesn't cake at all. I
love this concealer!
It gives you a matte result and it takes away those bags under your eyes. I
should have gotten a lighter tone but I guess this one will be okay. Smells
weird, like acrylic paint or something but I like besides that
i love this concealer, No oils, no waxes, no nonsense. very natural coverage
that leaves my skin very fresh, breathing, natural. Blends seamlessly to cover
under-eye circles & imperfections,This is a very light concealer that does not
cake up at all.I find that it is very pigmented and that a little bit of
product goes a long way, so you never need to use too much at once.This is the
best concealer I have found so far for covering my under eyes that doesn't
crease too much. in conclusion this concealer for me is perfect, and the price
is fantastic
I love this concealer for my under eyes, works great. And is such a good price.
Very smooth and to apply!
The lightest color is extra light if that’s what you are going for. I’m a pale
redhead, but it’s a bit light even for me. It’s a very thick concealer, so it
works well to cover a blemish, but this looks terrible and cakey under eyes, so
I have to use a different under eye concealer which is annoying. I try to keep
my necessary products to a minimum to streamline getting ready in the morning,
so I want a concealer that multitasks.
Goes on easily so no tugging on delicate eye area. I use moisturizer under my
makeup but this concealer is moisturizing alone too.
Very nice product. Matched my shin tone nicely. Very light and easy to blend.
I think I'm on my 4th tube of this. I really like it. It works well for me. It
is not cakey, as long as you are using a moisturizer or primer that mixes well
with this consistency of this product. I don't fully understand, but if
products are oil based or water based or have a thicker or creamier base, it
might mix differently. I would describe it as medium coverage. Its full
coverage before its blended out.
Ok my wife does have fine lines. They are really under her eyes. This color was
alright but it caked up and really settled and caked in those lines. She went
by the directions. Perhaps others can work with it better than my wife. No go
for her.
Ok. Didnt do to much for me
Pretty good concealer. Takes a bit to blend. Overall satisfied
Great little concealer! For the price it can't be beat! I don't have much acne,
but I have bunch of scars and this does a great job of covering them up. It's
not the longest lasting concealer, but since I work outside in the sun all day,
any concealer has a hard time surviving through the sweat and grime. Despite
that, it holds up great during normal, non-sweaty wear.
I'm really pleased with this. Luckily, I picked the right shade. It's easy to
apply, it stays on, and it doesn't crust or flake. A fabulous product.
The medium shade matched me PERFECTLY. Idk how well it really covers dark
spots..im curious to try it with an orange color corrector. My only complaint
is it seems to not have much product in the tube! I will definitely have to use
sparingly so as not to quickly run out
Love this concealer but I have troubles with almost all concealers creasing on
me and this one is no different. Since I discovered the Tarte Shape Tape I
haven't gone back to this one but still think it's an excellent choice for most
people who don't have as oily of skin.
Color match is fantastic! Feels great to use. I only wish I’d found it sooner!
One person found this helpful
I absolutely love this concealer although for some reason it burns when i leave
it in the crease of my nose before blending it. The formula blends so well
though and it actually has coverage unlike some drugstore brands. Now when the
package came in i noticed the color had a pink undertone to it so i checked
which shade was sent and of course it was the wrong shade. I ordered "sand" but
got sent something different, was going to return it but it matched my moms
skin perfectly so she got a free concealer!
Used it for years. Go to standby
Easy to blend and good color match.
This concealer works well at a fair price, but it does not last day.
It doesn’t even cover anything and poor texture
Perfect.
Go well with my skin, definitely buying again.
Just a lovely cover stick.Would not want to be with out it.
I have yet to find a better drugstore concealer. It's odd -- when I apply it
first to my fresh skin, it appears VERY dark. I turn orange everywhere I apply
it. After I put on my foundation/bronzer/blush/powder (which, I might add DOES
NOT make my face much darker at all), it appears very light. I guess this means
it just blends well with other makeup. It covers very well. Thick, yet doesn't
cause breakouts. Doesn't have a scent. Easy to apply. Lasts forever. I
recommend.
I got two instead of one. I'm not complaining though.
I use this as a contour. It blends well and adds a nice subtle bronze color.
The wand also makes application easy. Would recommend to anyone looking for a
nice drugstore concealer.
Too pasty
it was smaller than i expected but works really well an it matches right with
my skin color, light enough that it will cover up whatever but not too light
where i would look dead. It is easy to blend and its very smooth on the skin. I
would totally recommend!
I wanted to see how concealer would change my look without spending too much
money. This definitely did the job and it looked great. You need setting powder
or non-oily skin for this to stay though.
I don't like it at all. The ivory shade is white like the wall. The concealer
doesn't stay put on my pimples. Pure crap
I saw a lot of reviews about this concealer on here and YouTube before ordering
it and it is every bit as good as people are raving about. I have some pretty
dark circles and this comes darn close to making them vanish, and that says a
lot believe me, as well as not settling into those fine lines I'm starting to
get. Super glad I took a chance on this one guys.Oh p.s.I got the medium even
though it was not my skin tone because it has an orange tint to it...which is
best for dark circles..... and it still blends seamlessly under my foundation
without budging.
great coverage. even better price.
This is one of the better concealers I’ve tried. I really like this one and
will continue to purchase it in the future.
Best concealer EVER!!! It’s creamy and gives off a natural finish
I like the formula and I do use this but only because I am so fair with olive
undertones that until I can afford to get my products custom blended this will
have to do. The texture, coverage, and blendabilility are nice. It's just too
dark and I have to then blend a foundation into my neck and to get an even
tone.
I really liked it ! It’s light but dosent make your face too Cakey:)!
This is a great Wednesday all or you just have to use this a little bit more
than you normally would. But is very good for the skin. You don't have to worry
it because it is hypoallergenic.
I have always had dark circles under my eyes and this helps but does not fully
cover them. It actually does make the area under my eyes a bit shiny or greasy
sometimes if I use too much. I will probably keep using as it is better than
others I have tried and does help!
My favorite concealer! I've purchase this in sand and fair and love them both.
Sand is a little darker in more yellow based than fair. They are both great for
different reasons. I tend to use the fair around my eyes and the sand around my
nose, between my eyes, and on acne since it matches my skin better. The fair is
great for illuminating areas without being obviously shiny like an illuminator
tends to do. I've tried many top brands at Sephora and this is still my
favorite for the price!
I had a problem finding the right shade this is the right shade it’s just very
thin does not cover up very well
This is a good concealer. Not as nice as some of the high-end brands, but for
the price, definitely worth it.
I have dark circles that I have tried so many concealers on. My favorite is
Amazing Cosmetics concealer but it costs $40. It lasts a very long time due to
using very little, but still rather expensive. I saw a youtube video raving
about this concealer and thought I would try it. I was very impressed! It works
well and does not crease, stays on all day, and it easy to apply. I apply it
with a brush and blend it with a moist sponge for a perfect finish. It is very
inexpensive and works like a charm! If you are pale skinned, go with the Fair
color. Nice product!
This stuff is really great concealer for dark circles and blemishes and at a
great price! Definitely will buy again.
I first got it and said omg that’s really really orange just on my hand. After
I got done with my makeup I looked again after it dried and I looked orange and
a completely different skin tone so my neck. Idk if it’s my skin tone or if
this proudct. Also barely had any in the bottle…?
This product doesn’t last long but it looks natural and feet on the skin. Would
recommend if you were a beginner.
Silky application. Not thick and clumpy. Glides on nicely and easy to blend.
This concealer color matches my skin tone pretty well. For $4.50 its a good
deal and good quality makeup.
when i opened the package the concealer came used and it didn’t even come in a
package it just came with the concealer it’s self.
It wasn't too heavy under and around my eyes, the tone was perfect, it
moisturizes and looks natural. I put a light brushing of translucent powder
over my whole face and it stays looking fresh all day.
I decided to use this because I loved the Fit Me foundation on my oily skin. It
works great for concealing and highlighting. It blends without problem with a
wet sponge (I use Real Techniques Miracle Complexion Sponge).This is the makeup
routine that works for me:1. Moisturizer.2. Primer.3. Foundation.4. Fit Me!
Concealer (I apply it under my eyes, on my forehead and nose).5. Translucent
powder.6. Setting Spray.
Would probably Jude buy more authentic and non expired in stores..
Nice color
Ordered two shades, can’t use either. Ridiculously golden and orange, oxidized
to an awful consistency. I’m a regular Instant Age Rewind user and figured I’d
try these but they’re awful
It's very difficult to find affordable concealers that are both yellow in
undertone and creamy enough to blend. This checks off both boxes. It settles a
tiny bit into lines, but a few bops with a sponge and some powder takes care of
that.On top of foundation it has considerable lasting power. I have extremely
oily skin and as long as this is set well, it lasts a full work day.
I love the consistency and price of this product, but I wish the shade was
lighter. I have very fair skin with neutral to cool undertones, and this pretty
much matches my skin (might be like half a shade darker, actually). To make it
work for brightening the undereye I have to mix it with LA Girl white
concealer.
I'm usually a fan of Maybelline products (the Dream Wonder Liquid is great!),
but this is a big disappointment. I would've been three, maybe even four stars,
for it's blendability and relative coverage, even though it tends to create a
crepe-y texture on dry skin.However, I've noticed that the last tube I received
was INCREDIBLY darker than my previous tubes. I wasn't sent the wrong color, it
certainly said "fair" on the tube, but it was almost a medium shade and very
orange. This is supposed to be the same - or perhaps even a bit lighter - than
the Maybelline Ivory/porcelain foundations... but it looked like I was wearing
football grease paint. I thought this might've been a fluke, so I looked the
next time I was in CVS - and, nope, the concealer is noticeably darker -- it
even looked like the "light" shade a tad lighter. One of my friends wears the
darkest shade (Cafe) and she also noticed strong inconsistencies in the shade
level and undertone.
I have been buying designer brand concealer from sephora for a couple years now
and thought it wouldn't hurt to try out a more inexpensive option. This
concealer is just as good as the ones that I have spent up to $40 dollars on.
It is definitely worth a try if you are contemplating getting it.
I LOVE THISSS!! It covers up all my dark spots and it makes my skin look so
flawless!! I will buy again!!
This is my favorite affordable under-eye concealer. I've tried many others and
the consistency and coverage of this Fit Me concealer is hard to beat. It
doesn't dry your skin out and it sets really well. I do think it is a little
dark for being called "Light" though.
The color is a nice match for me, since I'm buying it mostly for highlighting
and covering dark circles under the eyes.The consistency is not that thick and
it's really easy to blend.Lasts for quite a decent 5hrs on my oily face with my
favorite Rimmel powder, without any primer on.The only down point is that I
think the coverage of it is not as good as the Collection Lasting perfect
Concealer.
So far this is my favorite drugstore concealer. I use it for my undereye area.
I also use it to highlight and contour. This is a great to clean u the lip area
when after applying liquid lipstick and also for creating a guide for shaping
brows. Once your fill in your brows, you blend it out and it creates a soft
highlight for your brow area. It is a super blendable formula. I am attaching a
photo wear I used this concealer to help shape and highlight my brows. Love
this product!
Although my tube of concealer was a bit messed up and I needed a refund the
actual product is really good. I bought one at Walmart and it blends great on
my under eyes , doesn't crease, covers my discoloration, and looks beautiful. I
don't usually set it with powder or anything and it still last and looks great.
I have pale skin. I wear n1 in loreal true match. It's one of the best drug
store concealers I think you can buy.
Great overall quality of this concealer... It covers dark circles well, isn't
too thick, has lasting coverage, etc. It's an efficient and cheap concealer and
I was really pleased with it the first time I wore it.HOWEVER, I was shocked
when I looked in the mirror at the end of the day and saw that the color had
oxidized and turned bright orange! I was happy with the original color (20
Sand), but it definitely did not stay the same shade after long-time wear.
Needless to say, I am returning this product. I know some people swear by this
concealer, but the color (for me at least) was not a good "fit." I hope anyone
else who tries this has better luck.
Very natural concealer, brings a subtle highlight to my brown skin. I bought in
the shade “cafe” and at first thought it would be too similar to my foundation
but it’s yhe perfect shade. Buildable as well. My only concern is the container
is so itty bitty and I wish there was more product but for a drugstore
concealer...the price is right
Have been using this product around eye area. Nicely moist but doesn’t move
after finishing powder. My fav.
My go to cover up! I'm not a fan of heavy makeup so this works great!
I like the different color selections. It’s very easy to use. I will stay with
this for a while.
it is very applicable and flawless.
I had heard this is a good dupe for NYX. I haven't tried NYX so I can't say
that for sure. I will say this formula is a little thinner than I expected. I
personally prefer a thicker formula but this product does well for what it is
and it's price. I didn't have any creasing issues under my eyes with this
product either.
Very small amount and gives burning sensation
it’s so much better than the nars one imo and it’s way cheaper. never buying
any other concealer
Pretty good concealer for the price. Many say it is a drug store dupe for the
Nars creamy concealer, which is much pricier. I find the Garnier dark circle
roller to be better for underneath the eye area, but this is fine for covering
up red marks, etc., on other areas of the face or even as an eyeshadow primer.
A little creasy but I have dry undereyes that I rarely take care of (my fault).
Was a little darker than I expected but I'm neutral medium, but on the lighter
side, so hard to match. Otherwise not bad for drugstore. I bought because Manny
MUA recommended it.
It easily applies and blends nicely with other products. Given its light
texture, it does need to be reapplied to hide blemishes and scars, but if using
for highlighting this works well at a much more affordable price point than
department store brands.
It’s a great produce but as someone with porcelain skin tone, the lightest
shade (light) was a A LOT darker than my skin tone so I had to send back. That
aside, it covers well and has great application. Definitely would get again if
I had a good shade.
It was alright, but I don’t know if I got a defective tube or not but mine does
not shut securely making it a mess in my bag.
will not buy again, just doesn't feel right
I use this as a eyeshadow base mostly. Works great. It's very sheer-medium
coverage for a concealer so I rarely use it as such. I'd wait to buy this until
it goes on sale on for $2.99. It does so often so just keep an eye out.
This is the only concealer I use for highlighting my under eye area. It is easy
to blend, has just the right amount of coverage and most importantly it stays
put for the whole day!I set it with Ben Nye banana powder and I am good for a
whole day. No creasing, nothing.It is also really good for cleaning up under my
brows and making them pop but if you would like it for this reason, make sure
you get a shade or two lighter than your actual complexion.
my favorite drugstore concealer by far! BUT i ordered shade 10 light and it’s
too dark for me. i think it might be different because when i bought it in
stores it was the perfect shade for me! i’ll still use it but wish it was the
correct shade color.
It’s so good I love how I use it
Concealed well just be sure you know what shade you need I got the wrong one
but a friend of mine ended up using it and loved it
I like this product first time to use and will purchase ahain
It does not match my skin tone
Very happy with it. It works great on my pale skin. Next time I may choose one
shade darker but that's all on me.Package arrived quickly after order.
I bought this to replace the expensive concealer that I had been using before,
and also because lots of people on Youtube love to use it. I think this one
does the job of a concealer, which is to give enough coverage. The problem of
this product is that it doesn't last long. After applying this, I use the same
brand's Fit me foundation. After 4-5 hours, the makeup seemed to be floating on
my face, which might be because I didn't apply any primer and setting products,
and also I have a not terribly oil skin.
I saw lots of the beauty gurus I follow on Youtube using and loving the
Maybelline Fit Me concealer and thought I would give it a go. I find that it is
a bit thin for my liking and doesn't cover much of my undereye darkness. I am
very fair, so I have darkness whether I am well-rested or not, so I need
something a bit more substantial than this. I also find that it creases under
my eyes when I smile throughout the day, so I have to go over my makeup with a
damp makeup sponge to "pat it out" smooth again. It isn't bad, but it isn't the
best I have ever used.
This is a great replacement for my Nars creamy concealer. It is not as creamy
(requires me to apply done eye cream prior to application as I have dry skin)
nor does it have as much coverage. For 1/7th of the cost (closer to 1/8th on
subscribe and save) this will certainly be my everyday concealer. For those
looking for Nars concealer dupes, I used custard in Nars and sand in the
maybelline.
The formula is top notch for how much you pay for this product, but even the
lightest shade (115 fair) is too dark for me, so I did have to get a lightener
to mix in with it. Other than that, great coverage, comfortable under the eyes,
and blends out beautifully.
As I'm getting older, I am finding that the darkness under my eyes is getting
more and more noticeable. I've never been able to find that perfect concealer
so I keep searching and trying.I found this concealer has good coverage for
imperfections, but it's lighter than expected. It goes on smooth and doesn't
draw attention to my fine lines.I'd purchase again, but will get a shade darker
than I usually would.
It doesn’t stay long. Medium to light coverage .I must say true match to my
skin tone .
I am in love with this concealer. I swear by it. I have used it consistently
for the past 4 years. Every time I try a different concealer I am disappointed
and return to this gem. Seriously such a great concealer. Provides adequate
coverage while still being lightweight. Looks like skin. The 15 shade is
lighter than the 10, just a heads up for my fellow pale people.
Super upset. I bought this product because I needed it yesterday and when it
arrived I realized the had the security tape cut already. That is, it was
open!!! And not only with it, another product I bought at the same time here,
also from Maybeline, was also open. How will I be sure no one has used it?
Honestly anything by this company is great affordable makeup line
Let me say this first by saying I am new to concealers. But, this was just okay
to me. I have Benefits Boing Brightening Concealer and that stuff is amazing.
So, I was looking for something to put over that and well it was pretty obvious
that it was a concealer. It didn't melt into my skin the way that the Benefits
did. Maybe I should use a higher end concealer like NARS or Tarte, I don't
know. But, I just wasn't that impressed.
I absolutely love this concealer. It covers under eye circles, pimples, redness
around the nose, etc. I apply one swipe or dot to the area, let it sit for 30
seconds or so, then dab with a beauty blender. It’s great for when you just
need to touch up a couple spots for a no makeup look, to carry in your purse,
or to combine with foundation.
Just don’t.
I love this concealer I just wish they would update the applicator. Its tiny so
you have to use more product. Other that that its wonderful & blends nicely.
I use the wand to smooth some under my eye and use my finger to blend it in. It
seems to last quite a while, but I do not have to do the 8 hour work day
anymore so I can not promise you wont have to touch up. But it is easy to use.
So if you have dark circles to cover up give it a try. I am on my 3rd purchase
and recommend it to anyone in need.
My daughter uses this. It works perfect for her. She s a strawberry blonde,
with very fair skin. It's the only one she uses.
I just now ordered this in Deep, and I own Cafe. EXCELLENT as an eyeshadow
primer. another "eye only" prevents contamination. This has a soothing effect
for me as I am allergic to a lot of products. So it is an Ok concealer for the
price, but A-1 eye primer when set with powder or shadow. but individual
results will vary. btw...I am 53 and use anti-aging stuff. ;-)
This concealer will dry up and it just wasn't moist or soft enough It could be
that it wasn't the right make up for my skin type I love maybelline products
but this one was n't for me
Love it! The tom is very accurate.
This works great. I use it to conceal under my eyes and then use a beauty
blender to blend it all together. The only thing I don't like about this
product is it is a little harder to get off at the end of the day. My Mary Kay
foundation washes off with no issue, but this takes more effort to get off...so
weird. Anyway, other than that, this works really well and brightens. I do
recommend it. It is a great price and worth trying if you're curious.
I like the product but it's a little too light
This beats the Clinique Airbrush that I have been using for the last 10+ years
by a long shot. Good coverage, consistency is nice and same amount (or more)
product for less than a third of the price. I’m a convert.
Too bad to cover
Light: is not the shade for you unless you have an orange undertoneFAIR: if
you’re pale, PORCELAIN like the one girl who claimed it was too orange she had
the wrong colorThe fair shade is similar to urban decay vanillaIt’s light and
pretty and it’s lightweightTry it it’s a couple bucks btw target will price
match amazon on this item in personYou’re welcome
It's a pretty nice concealer. It doesn't do anything weird and doesn't crease.
It's nice for a quick replacement concealer.
Altho' the color description says otherwise, this concealer is ORANGE! And the
color is not light enough even when blended with makeup to "conceal".
Amazing.. perfect match for color i use it for a light makeup look. Couldn’t
find any in stores so i said hey let me check amazon and here it is !!!!!
I really like this concealer.. The only thing that made me give it 4 stars
instead of 5 is that it doesn't look natural. No matter what setting powder I
use, it just looks a little cakey to me. I still use it though, it blends out
like a dream and has great color payoff!
. After spending $76 on a foundation and a Coverage stick I immediately
switched back to my Maybelline Fit Me Foundation and Fit Me Concealer. It
offers more coverage and smoother application in my opinion, and at a much
cheaper price (less than $15 for both). I love make up and a natural dewy
finish on my skin. Maybelline makes it very easy to achieve
Works great. Covers dark areas under eyes as well as scars.
I liked this product, although I wish it had a little more added moisture,
especially when being used under the eye.
Tip needs to be smaller for lines
Translate review to English
The Master Conceal is way better than this. This is almost sheer with no
coverage.
I loooove this concealer! I think this is a pretty comparable dupe for the NARS
Radiant Creamy Concealer. The color is great, it has a really nice consistency
for covering up blemishes and I actually use it under my eyes for dark circles,
as well. A little goes a long way, so I only go through one of these about
every three - four months (and I wear makeup every day).
Great product! It was my mistake that I didn't double check the color before
ordering. One kinda crazy thing that makes me love this product is that the
shape of the tube is square! I've been through 5 hand surgeries with at least 2
more to go. The square shape lets me grip better making it so much easier to
open and close! Thank you Maybelline for that feature.
I ordered the wrong color
My product came unsealed. Disappointed.
I’m not a big make up user, but when I step out sometimes I use it under the
eyes to cover dark spots and makes you look better not like you’re so tired.
I normally use this concealer in the shade 15 Fair, and I like it just fine.
The only problem is, it is not quite fair enough for my skin. I have English
ancestry and my skin is naturally very pale, so I have trouble finding a
concealer that is light enough for my skin.Silly me, I figured that the shade
10 would be lighter than the 15, but it is actually quite a bit darker, and a
totally different shade. It is very yellow, and does not match my skin tone at
all. It might work for someone with more of a golden undertone, but it's
totally wrong for me, and thus I can't use it for anything. As a rule, I would
advise against purchasing concealer online if you don't know for sure that it
will match your skin tone properly, but I couldn't find this shade in any
stores.That issue aside, I like the consistency and the coverage is okay, but
it won't cover up dark spots very well because it's translucent. It does tend
to wipe off pretty easily during the day as your skin produces more oil, but
will stay on fine if you don't touch your face too much.Update: I have stopped
using all Maybelline products because the company tests on animals.
Great stuff. Full coverage. I have genetic dark circles so intense I look like
I "fell down the stairs" if you catch my drift. Combined with a corrector, this
stuff COVERS. I use it on t-zone redness as well. I've gone through countless
tubes of this, and I see no reason to spend more on a concealer anymore. I
always have this in my purse. Always.
This product goes on smooth and has good coverage. I prefer this to the NYC
brand and IT cosmetics concealers.
Creamy
Feels and looks great! Great coverage and it lasts!
I know a lot of ppl love itBut i'm not sure about my feeling for thisI use it
for covering my acne scar and it didnt fully cover up. And after sweat and a
wipe of my hand it just gone( but is there any concealer that wont go away
after heavy sweating and wipe?) so i m not sure if it s my fault or it s about
the product.But the color is so good on me and it does not crack and cover up
dark eyes well.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Great full coverage concealer that's easy to blend. I was skeptical for the
price but this stuff is amazing. I have fair skin and usually makeup is too
yellow or pink. This shade in fair is perfect neutral. It has staying power and
doesn't oxidize or leave creases or that heavy cake feeling or look. I plan on
buying more would be great for contouring.
lOVE LOVE LOVE so good. lasts a long time
This is a great concealer to use under your eyes. It is very creamy and able to
be applied easily. Much better than drugstore prices.
So... I was looking for something that is light enough for my skin tone. I have
a very pale skin with grey undertone (yes, like a corpse) and it's almost
impossible to find a foundation or a concealer that won't look too yellow or
orange on me. I hoped this one might work, but... No way. It's so dark and
orange, is it really the lightest color they have? I'm disappointed. But
concealer itself is nice, just not for me. Will continue searching for
something that will not turn my face into a peach
I never even use makeup but I occasionally get small blemishes and this covers
them nicely.
Good concealer. Didn’t match my color completely but that’s ok.
Great coverage, not heavy and last long. I used to use Elizabeth Arden
concealer, until they discontinua my perfect tone. After trying some other
expensive brands, nothing worked for me. Affordable concealer not always have
the color I need, buy as soon as I discovered Maybelling Fit Me... I'm married
for life with them. Hope the Cafe tone never ever get discontinue.
Came in a 2 pack and was a perfect match for my skin color. Spreads a long ways
and wears well.
its good and i love it, i’ll definitely buy more
Good makeup
I'm very fair - we're talking nc15. I bought this in the shade Fair, and I
could probably use it as a highlight! While it's great that they've made a
concealer that's too light for me, I don't want to put this on my scarring.
Under the eyes, it's nice. I mix it with my Maybelline Instant Age Rewind
concealer in Fair. It comes out a great color and I think they have the same
coverage for under the eyes. Also, I was pleasantly surprised this was in a
pack of two.
I LOVE this product and have repurchased many times. The only disclaimer I have
is that it does cause a slight tingling/burning under the eye when you
initially put it on. I would love to know the reason behind this.Great Quality
Product!
Product seems to work very well… Easy to use… Does the job and great price!
Coverage was quite good but seems very drying under the eye especially. Settled
into creases of the course of a few hours, even with moisturizer and primer.
Will continue to use on other parts of my face because i hate wasting stuff,
but wont buy again. Need something a bit more hydrating.
Excellent value
Loving this concealer! Smooth and long lasting!
This product applies smoothly and lasts all day which is surprising for me
because I have very oily skin. It was a lot lighter than I expected which is a
bit of a challenge when blending. Overall, I really like this product and would
recommend it for those looking for great coverage and durability.
I really like this concealer as I've bought it in stores before. I just got the
wrong shade as it was still a little yellowish on my fair complexion. The
product works wonderfully!
This was pretty good. Easy to blend.
Love this color matches and doesn't crease.
This is a near perfect drugstore concealer. It goes on well and isn't too
drying. It covers very well, comparable to my more expensive concealers. The
way it wears is beautiful! Not too heavy, not cakey. It's one of my go-to
products! Love!!
My all time favorite everyday concealer. Great for dry skin
used for eye brows loved it matched my shade just right.
I have the worst time finding concealers since I have a pale pink skintone-
most concealers, even when fair enough, are too yellow. This one was great
though. I get good coverage and it matches my skintone so well that I sometimes
don't even wear foundation with it, I just conceal and set with powder. I would
definitely recommend it as a good drugstore brand.
I reach for this concealer more than I do my higher end concealer. It doesn't
completely hide dark circles, but my blemishes are invisible when layering this
over my foundation. The formula is not watery, but not super thick either. If I
don't set with powder it will crease, but I haven't found a concealer yet that
didn't.
I got this in a desperate attempt to find a concealer that wasn't going to make
me look like a zombie! I was pleasantly surprised that it matched my skin tone
and gave great coverage to my skin tone as, (being bi-racial), I often struggle
with finding the right shades. It also blends very nicely with foundations to
give a real consistent and smooth look.
I like this concealer. It is easy to apply with the wand. I wish I could get
every last drop out of it when it starts to run out but not possible to reach
it all with the wand.
This is a get what you pay for product. I purchased the pink tint which doesn't
do much for my under eye. Maybe the green tint would be better suited. Is
barely visible and thinner than foundation
Perfect skin tone.
Light was a good color for me. Covers sun spots pretty well. Not too thick,
blends in well. The sponge applicator is a bit thick to dab, so I use a small
brush.
I have used this concealer for I think a few years and its perfect. I am very
pale so it is hard to match my shade, but this does the trick and goes on
smooth and even.
This is 1 of the best concealers available. I am fair with yellow undertones
and 15 works best for me. I use Revlon foundation in Buff 150. Unfortunately,
Maybelline fit me foundation line doesn't have the right shade but this
concealer does work. If you can find the right shade I Highly recommend this
product!
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Easy to apply; the price point was great. A smidge darker than expected, but I
can mix it with the 15 Fair color on the days I'm feelin' a little more
sunkissed / tan than usual. :)
Concealer works nicely
I really like this concealer definitely won’t be spending anymore money for
super expensive makeup that doesn’t even work this is perfect.
Does the job. I love everything on the maybelline fit me line.
Love this for cleaning job my eyebrows and/or concealing under my eyes.Great
price point & lasts all day.
The color was nice but it was more of a mate there was no shine to it and made
my face look a little dry
No matter how much moisturizer I used prior, still settled in lines.
Ordered "FAIR" like I have been for YEARS. They changed the shade without
warning people!!! Why fix what's not broken?! "Fair" is no longer a neutral,
light shade, but now a darker yellow shade. At least warn people before we
spend our money on what's been the same shade FOR YEARS only to find out once
we put it on our faces that it is a whole new shade! I'm so mad. I bought FOUR
because I love the stuff and always run out so I bought in bulk. WELP
MAYBELLINE THIUGHT IT'D BE FUNNY FOR ME TO HAVE DARK UNDER MY EYES AND ON MY
NOSE AND CHIN! Don't change shades without warning people. I went and checked
all of their social media and website and there is no information on shade
changes. Now, I have to find my actually shade through trial and error. The
quality and performance of the actual product is amazing for the price/
drugstore brand. That's why I bought 4. But the shades are off now so if you're
used to buying a certain shade, you may need to go test in-store.
Just really got into concealing my eyes for crazy make up looks so it cheap and
get the job done! Better the more expensive concealers !!!
Nice and ordered another one in a lighter stage! Received ivory today! GREAT!
This product is amazing. It is not my color but it still works amazing! 
That’s very good! I used it every day and it lasts all day! The smells is also
good! Easy to apply and easy to remove.
This really did not work well for me! It is thick and creases into the skin,
making it hard to blend. I tried it a few times just to make sure I was giving
it a chance.Every time I used it, it enhanced fine lines under my eyes. It just
caked onto my face, I had to remove and start my under eye process again.
This doesn’t cover well and it has a weird glue-like smell to it.
This is one of the best concealers I have used. It blends easy and has a good
coverage.
I had ordered 2 nos.,paid for 2 too but received only 1.Kindly help.
So creamy and smooth and a little product goes a long way. However, it does not
offer as much coverage as I would like, but on the flip side it has a very
natural finish. Overall, this is great and I use it often!
I love it , it blends well with my complexion, long lasting.
I was dubious of this but bought it anyway because of the raves. Believe them.
I got light even though I'm very light. It's not too dark and the coverage is
remarkable. I put it under my eyes and on my lids as I'm on medication
(latisse) that gives my eyelids and undereyes a slightly pinkish tinge and I
look a big ghoulish. I can't get over how well it covers and takes 5 years off
me at least. It's really all the makeup I need now. Wow. It's that good.
Did not come with any type of sealing tape on the actual product but overall I
love this concealer.
I can’t believe how inexpensive this product was. It goes on matte and isn’t
oily. Love it. The seal may have already been broken though, I couldn’t tell if
I did it while taking it out of the box or not. Not enough to deter me, just
something to mention!
I bought this because I noticed my other concealer was running low and didn’t
want to run completely out. I used it today under my eyes and immediately it
started burning my skin. Now my eyes have been watering really bad ever since I
used it. I don’t know what is in this concealer but I swear if it damages my
skin or my eyesight  I just went back and read reviews and seen where
someone else said that it burned their skin as well. Amazon needs to pull this
off their website ASAP.
Love this concealer. Cheap and works great. Sometimes I’ll just use this on my
face and it covers a lot. Will buy again for sure
I received my concealer with a broken seal. I like the concealer just wish it
wasn’t tampered with.
Great concealer with strong staying power. I just wish it came in a paler, less
warm shade (it's a little bit yellow.) I'm not the palest person ever, but I'm
still fair enough that even the lightest shade of this product doesn't quite
match.
Good at concealing and brightening
This is my favorite concealer out of the so many I have tried. I even prefer it
over high-end brands. It is very creamy, pigmented, and bit thick (which I
looove). I got the shade in medium, I am an NC30 at Mac, if that helps. This is
the perfect color for my skin, especially because it has yellow undertones.
I have very fair, warm toned skin and the 10 Light was too dark. The coverage
was good and it is easy to apply. I'll probably try again with a lighter shade
and see how that works out.
This shade (10 Light) is a little darker than I was expecting, but it actually
works quite well to brighten my undereye area now that it's summer. The shade
is yellow-toned, which I like for covering purplish dark circles, blemishes,
and other purply redness. It has a nice creamy consistency that is thick enough
to stay where you put it after blending, but doesn't look cakey at all. It has
excellent coverage for a drugstore concealer. Maybelline makes some great
concealers! I'll definitely be repurchasing this one.
All good! 58 and circles under the eyes. This covers when others didn’t really
do much. Good and inexpensive product.
Natural to medium coverage and looks like skin
I like this product
My girls and I have worn this before. This is always a favorite for us. No need
to spend tons of money on this stuff because this product definitely does its
job!
Creamy. Doesn’t feel dry or oily. Not super long lasting
As some have already mentioned, this is very similar to Nars concealer. I would
describe the coverage as slightly less opaque but for the low pricetag, I don't
mind adding a second layer for coverage. I would say this is a pretty good dupe
and somewhat lighter in shade when compared to Nars Ginger.
Average
#15 light~I just received this like 5 mins ago, although I haven't put it on my
face, I did dab it on my hand and I already know that's its way too dark for my
skin. It's too orange. I usually either buy light or light beige but I think I
would need fair just to somewhat match. Will update if I end up using and
liking but for now I'm very unhappy w/this purchase.
Compared to other more expensive concealers this one sits on the skin right and
is the best value for the money without breaking the bank.
Color was a little off
Performs as indicated. Good coverage. Applicator could be a bit more delicate.
I love this concealer and use it for under my eyes to conceal dark circles.
This is a very lightweight concealer that does not crease. A small amount goes
a long way and you are much better off using a concealer brush than your finger
in order for it to set in properly. I have had no trouble with this lasting all
day. It works great for my sensitive skin.
The best concealer ever used!
I was half expecting it to be the same shade as the 110 foundation but its
noticeably darker, yellowy, so that I cant just spot correct when I see my
blemishes are peaking through. Kind of disappointing, but the coverage is still
pretty nice.
Love it great color
The covers and blends well. It does sink into fine lines a little under the eye
but what concealer doesnt?
Stays in place all day. I used to use tarte shape tape which I thought was the
best but after trying this I realized I don’t have to pay $30 when I can get
the same thing for 1/4 of the price.
Cheap but works pretty darn good. I like this concealer. For the money it does
a good job for those darker under-eye circles. I have very fair skin but I am
also pretty ruddy in complexion. This helps brighten my face up and seems to
last well into the afternoon. I could probably reapply it during the early
afternoon to get prolonged coverage but I don't typically do that. Better than
other drug-store concealers I have tried.
Works and matches
I’m not impressed with this product
I’m mildly allergic to dimethicone so high end concealers are a no go for me.
This does the trick with no burning or redness from the allergy.
Works well, good coverage and doesn't settle into fine lines. I have sensitive
skin that breaks out easily, this concealer does not aggravate my skin at all.
Hides the redness around my nose and sunburn scar really well.
Works better with sponge than fingers or brush. Wouldn’t use for a lightweight,
minimal makeup look; it just doesn’t blend well without foundation/full
coverage look.
I love it
love it.
Absolutely not, this is a nightmare to blend out and the dark shade is very
orangey.
Arrived with seal broken and looked kinda empty, like it's been used before. I
received another product from maybelline and it had a white seal, new one,
unbroken. This one had a clear seal and it was already broken and had another
label that was covering the original one..none of them was attached to the cap
and the clear one thats supposed to be for security was broken.
Love this. I use it daily. And so cheap!
This is my all-time favorite concealer. I use it everyday and it lasts at least
10 hours without a lot of setting required. I use with a light dusting of
powder foundation during the day and it does not crease. I've heard many
YouTube beauty gurus rave about this product and it is apparently comparable to
NARS' radiant creamy concealer. I purchased it for less than at the drugstore
so keep watching the price!
Perfect texture and light coverage
What dark circles? We don't know her.
A friend told me about this! I'm super white and I always need the lightest
there is to offer when it comes to make up (I finally learned this and accepted
it! I'm never going to be a tan goddess! Aaaanyway....) and I love this
concealer because it's got enough coverage to cover up blemishes but you can't
really tell you're wearing it! Buy it! Try it out and see. I only buy this kind
now.
It seemed at first like it'd work very well, but it simply doesn't provide
enough coverage. I only had 3 tiny blemishes and it wasn't easy to get it to
cover easily.
Good concealer for a great price. I've used high end brands and most of them
don't compare to the consistency of this one. It's medium coverage but can be
build to full coverage. Every time I try a new concealer, it would solidify my
decision to repurchase this concealer. Try it and see for yourself!
Good product. If I were diligent about perfection I'd probably have to touch
this up at least once during the day. Instead, it looks great in the morning, &
still looks like it's taken the edge off my giant dark circles at the end of a
long day.
I used for contouring and it blends nicely.
I LOVE the Maybelline Fit foundation. It's the only drug store brand makeup I
use and I like it much better than any of the more expensive foundations I've
tried. So, when I was on a quest for a new concealer, I thought this was worth
a shot. I'm extremely fair and wear the 112 in the foundation. I purchased the
10 - Light in the concealer but it's much darker than the foundation. If I
spread it out enough, it's not terrible, but definitely not a great match.
Not very full coverage. Has a natural skin finish that is pretty. Doesn’t cover
acne very well. And if you have any under eye circles it won’t cover them
completely. But if you need something light to cover redness it works
it burns when I apply it!
This works surprisingly well, given the price. Makes me look so much more
awake. I like the little applicator wand. One tube of this lasted me a year. I
don't know if it expired, but the quality didn't deteriorate over time.
works well and lasts long
It's okay. Doesn't stay long. Not for me.
Not intense , not fully coveredIt made my eyes more dryNot impressed
I like this product but I ran out so I ordered it again but only mascara came
and I’m confused on the mix up since they’re different
It's a great product. I have been using it everyday since I got it. I use it to
brighten the dark area on my face. It is silky and moist. It doesn't become dry
and become solid pieces even if it is applied underneath my eyes for a long
period of time. The price is cheap but can even match the top tier brands.
Absolutely love this concealer
pretty mediocre concealer, about the same amount of coverage as the fit me
foundation (which I love) but minus the diverse colour selectionif you're
looking for a light concealer you'd be better off picking something else or
just using the fit me foundation as a concealer
This is a good concealer, though depending on sweat needs to be reapplied at
least once during the day (I apply in the mornings, and once in the late
afternoon/evening). The 10 fits my tone very well, even though I usually am
somewhere between it and the next lightest.
The product comes by itself no packaging, so just make sure you look for it
because it’s small. But all in all great product
Everything is fine, but amazon send me twice wrong color.. I want the lighter
color as highlighter.. and I am tried to do the refund,, cuz the product itself
is great!!!, just the color is not what I need 
I love this concealer! Definitely comparable to the NARSoncealer which I love
too, but this is just so much more affordable. It’s super creamy and easy to
blend and long lasting!
This product has become my favorite both for my personal and customer use, as
it is not greasy, seals well, and does not make flashback, I definitely
recommend it.
This is normally great makeup but the color I received was 1 or 2 shades darker
than normal
Did the job
good concealer, but i don't recommend buying it online because it doesn't go
with your skin color as much as you think it would. online it may be cheaper
but in stores you can tell if it is the right shade. this product causes light
irritation, but what doesn't? very easy to apply and blend, too. overall, this
product is 4-5 stars.
For inexpensive concealer, it does the job. I mostly wear it when I’m going to
the gym. Stays on pretty well!
I got the shade in Light and its a bit more yellowy in person, but that's okay.
I like it. It covers really well. It causes me a tiny bit of irritation but
that's because I have very very dry sensitive skin.
Burned some and caused slight swelling.
This is my go to concealer- when you first apply it you may look ridiculous,
but in a matter of a few minutes the product is absorbed by the skin and looks
nice and natural. I think they should offer a few more shades, but for the
price,t he quality is excellent.
This is a great concealer, especially for under the eyes as it isn't too drying
and it doesn't cause my liners to run either. Some concealers can be too sticky
or cake up when drying, this one sets very nicely with a light dusting of
powder, All day wearability.
I am very picky about concealers and needed a good one for under the eyes. This
one has the right amount of yellow for my fair skin to balance out the dark
circles. Blends smoothly, good amount of coverage for a drugstore brand.
Product is full coverage. It helps conceal my under eye circles very well.
The one thing I dont really like about this is that it's the shade as my
foundation. I wear 112 ivory by fit me and the fair should've been lighter, but
it's not. Needless to say cant put it on my face but definitely will use it for
cut crease looks.
The product itself is great, I love how smooth and creamy and easy to apply it
is. Decent coverage, I would say light-medium but build-able.My issue and why I
gave the product 3 stars was that I received what seems to be a used product.
There was not shrink wrap on the product itself and when I opened it, it looks
like someone else used it. I'm very disappointed.
It's a very good product for its prize. For me it worked perfect, it covers
imperfections and it lasted the whole day.
Good reasonably price product
This concealer is really thin and watery. I’m very fair with no blemishes and
this wouldn’t even cover any slight redness or minor discolorations on my skin.
The color was a close match but the concealing ability is non existent. It’s
cheap so I gave it a chance but I would never recommend this product.
I can never find products to match my skin tone because I am super super pale
but I have really dark purple circles underneath my eyes. Most color correcting
doesn't work for me either. I purchased this product in 15 fair, and it is
literally a perfect match! Easy to apply with great staying power, and for a
good price. I love it!
I have tried bare minerals but it doesn’t go well with my liquid foundation!
But this one works well with Nars liquid foundation. I would recommend!
I am naturally very pale, which makes it extremely hard to find foundations and
concealers that don't give me an orangey tone. This is my go to concealer, as I
can use it on most of my face for light coverage that works well for how lazy
my routine is and is great for summer weather as well as winter.
Love this concealer. Been using it for years!
Love the product. Just thought it didnt go a long way. It seemed like it was
not completely filled with product.
The covering is perfect for me.
This product was very water down
I am giving this a lukewarm review along with the foundation. I thing this
would be good if you are just starting off and experimenting with makeup. You
really cannot beat the price. It is easy to apply. If you are not sure how,
YouTube is a great resource for that. I would definitely recommend a primer
under this if you have dry or combo skin (like me). Not certain this line has
that product. No irritation to report and I have very sensitive skin.
Great product and a perfect Nars dupe. I use it to cover blemishes and apply it
with clean, washed fingers or a concealer brush. I actually love this product
for under eyes better than the over-hyped age rewind under eye concealer also
by Maybelline. I’ve been using this concealer for years and recently began
purchasing via Amazon.
Excellent coverage
This is one of the best concealers I've used in a while. It really helped
conceal the dark circles under my eyes, although it doesn't cover acne scars
very well.
Nice color shade
Not thick at all , has a weird smell and your dark circles still show
Translate review to English
I have this on subscribe and save. It lasts for a long time, but definitely
just for spot treatments. I do need to reapply if I have a particularly
troubling blemish.
I like the product but it wasn't the color I was looking for.
This product and price point are EVERYTHING right in the make up world.
However, if you go from using a higher end concealer such as Tarte or MAC do
not expect the same results. This is a very thin concealer that is buildable
and requires additional building for extra coverage.
It seems to wear off, but the color blends well.
Excellent concealer!!!
Good
Good coverage and goes on smooth
I absolutely love this product! I've been looking for a concealer for a while
and my friends recommended this one. They said its equivalent to the NARs
concealer. I can’t really say if that’s true because I’ve never tried the NARs
concealer. But I did want something on the cheaper side that wouldn’t cost me a
leg and an arm. It’s super easy to apply, covers really well, and stays on all
day!
I love this color! I was hesitant because of the price but it was worth it. I
wish it came in a larger bottle. Blends perfectly. The only other concealer I
use is fawn by LA pro but this is my other option as of now. No creasing under
my eyes either.
I don't particularly like the one I bought from here - I ordered light 10. It's
a bit darker than I expected and it oxidized pretty badly for me. However, I
bought Fair 15 from I think walmart and it was the right color for me - lighter
than the light one - and so far no issues with oxidization. I have to wonder if
I just got a tube from a bad batch.
Great coverage
Good product for the price! A bit "thin" but it works out just fine
Great concealer for normal skin. I have very dark circles around my eyes
because I don't get enough of sleep ( have 2 kids, 3 y.o and 6 m.o), and I was
getting very disappointed of how I started to look, and needed to hide my
circles. After trying it on, I couldn't be happier. It hid my dark circles
around my eyes, but also made me look so natural and beautiful!!!
Their fairest color is not really all that fair. I wish that this came in a
near-white because it is a very nice formula with good coverage. Just, pale
people beware - it is probably not going to work on your skin.
Translate review to English
Would definitely purchase again!!
Good wear. No cake face or dark circles!
Can't say anything bad. it's a good product. I used it maybe once tho but that
was me. I just don't use it. I tried getting whatever I can to hide my dark
circles but doesn't work. Nothing does. Not $5 make up not $50 make up. I would
rather buy this than something from ulta that "swears" it's heaven sent 
It goes on silky and doesn’t turn to a sallow color later in the day. It stays
looking fresh.
Translate review to English
Love this, I used to use the dream lumi highlighing concealer, but I always ran
out of that too fast because you barely get any product with it. I saw there
was a coupon for this one and have heard a lot of great things about it so I
decided to give it a try and I LOVE IT! You really get a lot of product too!
Will definitely purchase again!
It has really good coverage, and feels really nice after it has been set.
However, every time I use it I have a burning feeling where I used it. That's
likely the formula especially since there is no fragrance. It does work decent
for cutting the crease, and it doesn't burn in that case.
Perfect for what I needed
Not heavy. Does not add "cakeness" to the skin texture.
This is my favorite concealer am dark skin and have alot of dark areas on face
and neck this works great to hid the dark spots
product is good , easy to apply the coverage is great ill give it a 4.5 for
coverage the black in the container rubbed off slightly and the shade medium
was right for my skini would recommend if you don't want to spend money on an
expansive concealer
The color is exactly what I was looking for. I was so happy to find a concealer
that was significantly less than the department store prices. I now buy all my
makeup on Amazon, because Amazon's prices beat department store prices. The
color is exactly as advertised, and the product works well. The consistency is
good, and the product stays on all day. I'm happy with my purchase!
The container was open and only half full when I received it. It does not seem
to go on well and I have to go back into the bottle 2 or 3 times to do under
just one eye. It does moisturize but does not last the whole day.
This concealer does nothing. I am 46 and don't typically use concealer but
wanted to try for the dark under my eyes and a few spots on my face but this
does not even cover anything really. Its useless
Waw
Decent
Great! I love how this product is cheap and it works great. I normally use
Maybelline products. I thought it would be great to try theirs. Considering
I've only used the Elf or Nyc for coverup so I wasn't at very high standards.
But it works great. Much better than those other brands.
Love the product! Covers well under my eyes.
Product looks a tad “cakey” but worth the price.. would not compare it to name
brand
As a new mom, I discovered just how bad dark circles can get...with that being
said, this concealer is a lifesaver! Goes on nice. I let it set a minute before
blending. Blends well and gives coverage! Decided on this after searching
youtube for drugstore top products. Super happy with this purchase!!!
Works well with Fit Me foundation
This is my go to drugstore concealer it’s super light weight but has some good
buildable coverage
Doesnt fully cover up acne but it works enough for acne to be hard to notice. i
usually have to apply it twice a day
Cheap and works great
I love this concealer. I’m semi new to makeup and I’ve loved this concealer
since I’ve started using it
Excellent coverage under eye bags and wrinkles. Long lasting coverage and a
great price for the money
It's very creamy, and nice, but wasn't light enough for my skin tone. I would
buy it again, but next time in person.
its good
When I bought it I was expecting a thicker tube with more product. But instead
I was surprised with a thin tube with product gone in a day or two. I typically
use this brand with no complaints but this is the first time Im actually
disappointed.
Hard to tell what the right color is from an Internet picture. Ended up buying
something a shade too dark for my skin, but think I would like the product if I
had the right shade. My advise is to buy a shade lighter than you think you
need.
It said light on the site but its actually fair. The number of the color match
just not the name listed.But thats a huge deal for me since i have a warm skin
tone, even though im pretty pale when i use any products for fair skin its too
cool and sort of ends up making my face look dirty.The formula also didnt work
well with my other products but im currently searching for the right make up
for my skin as i all the sudden am getting older and need to change my
routines. Perhaps id try this again if it was on sale but i wasnt very
impressed with the formula
This is my favorite concealer. As a very pale girl, with the purple undereye
circles that come along with being pale, finding a light enough concealer that
will hide those circles is a huge struggle. This one is amazing. It lasts a
long time, doesn't irritate my skin, and isn't cakey. It's perfect!
Conceals quiet well for a drug store brand. My issue was that it didn’t cover
certain spots; wasn’t as high coverage as I expected.
For the price, it is a really good concealer. It is a bit thick and oily....but
it has nice coverage!
Seemed like it was half empty
this is my favorite concealer and it beats imo some of the higher end
concealers i’ve tried. i wish it would last me longer tho :(
Got this because Bailey Sarian uses it and woooow I love this product lol.
For those days when you stayed up too late the night before and now you have to
be at work at 7am... Slap some of this under those eyes and you're now good to
go. 