




a-size-base 3
Thank you Maybelline foundation for finding me! I had given up wearing
foundation years ago after Clinique stopped making their sports make-up
foundation. Maybelline for normal to dry skin is just as high a quality as
Clinique! It may even be better because the other car no my allows me to buy
more shade variations.Now I own several variations of colors ranging from
porcelain and ivory to nude buff considering which part of my face gets the
foundation.I am a visual artist (painter) so this make-up thing should be easy
for me. The issue has been a battle for economy together with quality. With
Maybelline I have found both economy and quality.Thank you Amazon and
Maybelline ♥️
I love it. Doesn’t clog my pores and my skin is GLOWING!! I do not like the
thick matte type foundation and this is very light and doesn’t feel heavy. I’ve
used many many MANY foundations in my life and this is by far my favorite of
all time!
I love how this makeup feels on my skin. I have very sensitive skin and other
products cause me to break out. I am 35yrs old and have rosacea and I get flare
ups when using other products this product works great for my skin and is my go
to I highly recommend.
I purchased this foundation in fair porcelain to mix with a make up I have +
like in medium and it worked just fine for that. Other than that this shade is
for the exceptionally exceptionally pale. A hard to find shade when it's what
you seek, but this would look too chalky and pale on most people.
I love how smooth this foundation is. It literally gives you full coverage from
the first application not to mention it last all day ( make sure you put on
primer). Definitely one of my Go To’s and fave !
I was looking for a foundation to cover my super red skin due to constant
rosacea flare ups. (I also have textured skin with large pores). I’m not a
professional when it comes to makeup and I have spent entirely to much money
trying products that just didn’t work for me. But, I took a chance on this one
because of the super affordable price. So beyond happy that I did. My skin
feels hydrated, looks dewy, and it covers my redness without feeling like I
need to apply half of the bottle. Glad I tried something other than a matte
finish as I now know it’s just not compatible with my skin. I do not use a
setting powder, just a setting spray. And finally… I found something that makes
me feel confident enough to take a selfie without a filter. I will definitely
buy more of this foundation!
Doesn’t do full coverage and my face got oily. But the price was good. The Matt
one is better.
Its sheer, the color is good , moisturing and is good for mature skin. no
clumping in lines and wrinkles
Easy to spread and doesn't look caked on....that's a benefit. However, I feel
like my skin looks oily and orange. The color match seems off, too. I purchased
the powder compact in the same shade and it was perfect, yet the liquid
foundation in the same shade was too dark for my skin.
I love how this goes on. It’s not too dewy, but just right. It’s a medium
coverage and my favorite. I use it every day.
This was gonna be my new go to foundation I been using the same foundation for
20 years. It was 3.50 when I purchased it to try went back 2 days later to get
more since I liked it and it was 7 dollars ugh.. but still worth 7 bucks.
I must rave about this foundation. I normally put on powder and call it good.
The other day I decided to give this a try and I am impressed. We live in
Kentucky and It is very humid here. I did my makeup and headed out to run
school arans, I was nervous about stopping at the farmers market with the new
makeup on and the fact that we are dealing with 87% humidity right now. I gave
it a go and went into the heat and did my shopping. I came back to the truck
and looked into the mirror to find that not only was the makeup still perfect,
it has a nice dewey glow to it which made my face look even more natural. I
went ahead and ordered a shade down to add to my collection so I can use it
during winter when my tan is gone.
Easy to use and easy to spread on face.
lovee it
This makeup gives my skin a smooth natural look. Sometimes it’s hard to tell
that I’m wearing makeup. I love it!
Don't seen no more like it but have enough thanks
I have tried many different brands of foundation and this is the one that works
the best on my skin. I was looking for something with full coverage that
wouldn't be cakey or make my skin feel suffocated. In fact, I bought three
different brands of foundation on the same day. One was $40, one was $14, and
then this one which I paid $4, I think it was on sale. I prefered this product
over the other two.
I have worn this brand and color for along time awhile back it was getting
difficult to find, but of course I found it here better price and delivered
right to me. Thank you Amazon.
The best drugstore foundation for dry skin. I’ve used this in a variety of
shades because I self tan and I love them. Affordable, medium coverage and
comes in lots of shades. I range from light to medium skin tones.
Good light-medium coverage foundation it's worth it but you need to moisturize
very well before you put it on.
Really good foundation for Asian skin! Has an orange undertone! Looks natural
and dewy!
I have bought this product three times already and two different colors and
love both of them just ran out will be buying another one. Better than morph
Sephora and revolution
Good consistency, was unsure of what the "dewy"aspect would look like but was
pleasantly surprised with outcome. Will buy again
I love love this foundation. Easiest to blend and spread. I love using this
with my beauty blender.
I love this foundation! It does NOT look cakey!
Fast shipping and good product in general.
Just received this today and was immediately disappointed by the shade. I wear
shade 110 in the Maybelline Fit Me matte+poreless foundation. I’ve worn it for
years and I’ve never had an issue. I also have shade 120 (dewy+smooth) and 330
in the same line. I use the 120 as a summer shade or bronzer in the winter
time, and the 330 as a contour. I find that contouring and bronzing with
foundation lasts longer, blends better, and gives a more natural look.The
pictures are lineups of all of the foundations and the one I’m reviewing is
moved forward so you can tell the difference. Please excuse the background, my
vanity is an antique secretary desk so it’s not exactly photogenic lol. The one
I purchased in this order is shade 110 in the Dewy+Smooth and it’s darker than
the shade 120 from the same line. How is that possible? Very disappointed. I’m
guessing it’s a knock-off, but if it isn’t it’s extremely annoying that
Maybelline would mislabel the foundation like this. 110 is almost exactly my
skin tone and 120 is what I use if I have a tan.Second pic is the lids, again
the one I’m reviewing is moved forward.The third pic is all of them a watched
on my skin and blended at the bottom to see coverage and true color. I stuck my
arm next to an open window so you can get natural light and see it more
clearly. The order from elbow to hand is: 110 (this one), 110 matte+poreless,
120, 330. I have a bit of a tan on my arm now from driving, so I’m getting into
my summer shade on my arm (face is lighter) but you can pretty clearly see that
this 110 is WAY darker than the actual 110 matte+poreless and a bit darker than
120 dewy+smooth. It’s also more of an orangey shade than the 120 is. DEFINITELY
NOT PORCELAIN. (Again, the 330 is a contour shade so chill lol)The fourth pic
is the same as the 3rd, just at my vanity so you can see it under different
lighting.The fifth pic is the backs of each. You can clearly see the difference
in labeling. I will say: the shade 120 that I have has different labeling from
all of them, so I’m guessing that is a change by Maybelline, and I’m very
willing to accept that 120 is a possible knock off (I also ordered on Amazon),
but either way shade 110 in matte+poreless and dewy+smooth should not be this
different.Very disappointing. For less than $4 I’m not going to return it, but
I’m bummed because I’m out of my foundation and now I’m stuck with a shade I
can’t use for a long time. The consistency feels the same and the bottles are
constructed the same. Three stars solely because it’s still not a bad product.
Amazon often has fit me a lot cheaper (like70%)than the stores, so I can get
several colors which is nice, because I don’t like my face all one color, fit
me is a buildable foundation, & can look really natural. It does tend to slide
off, I assume if you set it was powder, it would hold better, although I do use
settings spray still seems to slide off abit. But can’t beat it’s natural but
nice coverage, and maybe my primer just doesn’t work well with it??
I love this foundation
Creamy, smooth
Best foundation I've found
I love this foundation. It spreads easy and has good coverage. This is awesome
foundation at a great price. Get some and you will not be disappointed!
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Not patchy, feels good on the skin, and good coverage. Good value for money
I did the mistake of getting the wrong shade but even with the formula it makes
my face look very cakey. This used to be my go to but discovered other
foundations that fit my face better.
I like this foundation, but the Dewy version of fair/porcelain is a shade
darker than the Matte version
I love this foundation. Covers well but not too thick. Does not feel heavy. The
coverage is very natural. Have been using it for years.
Great coverage
I have been using this product for years and am very happy with how it looks on
my skin and how it feels.
Great blend I use with the moisturizing foundation together
its a good foundation but I got a tiny bit to light of a shade but its
definitely a nice and spreadable foundation
It’s my favorite foundation now. <3
Goes on smooth. Great coverage
It's foundation on a budget
I reintroduced myself to this company just recently after not using any
Maybelline products for easily over 20+ years (I am in my 40s). I bought it
because I saw a MUA try it online and they raved about it. I couldn’t agree
more. I love a full face of make up (because I have sun spots/melasma), however
I don’t want it to feel cakey to the touch or even when you put it on. This
foundation is super buildable which is great, goes on easily and doesnt
oxidize. I have used high end foundations and this one is wayyy up there on the
list of my favorites. Dont let high end companies fool you into thinking makeup
has to be expensive in order to be good. Its all about good products and
techniques/application. The pic in the jean jacket is from my birthday- I
wouldn’t wear the foundation on my special day if I didn’t think it was great!
Other pic and vid are from shortly before, and you can see it looks flawless on
skin!!!! - Full face of makeup but not caked on! I promise you wont be
disappointed!! I hope this helps!!
I love the product because it spreads on easy and gives a smooth coverage. It
also keeps my face moisturized.
Maybelline has upped their game. This foundation is as good as any expensive
department store product I have used. I’m thrilled to save so much money
without sacrificing quality.
My favorite one, is my to go foundation. Blends very well, natural effect, the
skin seems shiny and healthy.
I only in the past few years started using liquid foundation to cover up these
micro spider veins on my face. works great, and just a dab goes a long way.
very light weight, and blends in with my skin tone well!
Love fit me my go to all the time
This NY Fit Me foundation is lovely .... all the manufacturer claims it to be.
This is not my first time purchase, and I will be back for more. The coverage
is so nice. It never cakes up in the facial lines, and lasts all day of normal
activity. Maybelline is certainly a brand name you can trust!!
Color matches my skin well, and it leaves my skin with a dewy glow. Covers
well.
It is pretty easy to blend out but the problem I have with it is that it’s too
dewy.
I mean it's good for the price 🤷🏼‍♀️ it came a little smaller than I thought
but that was my fault 😅I WOULD RECOMMEND GOING FOR A LIGHTER COLOR!! I got the
porcelain 110.It doesn't have any type of dispenser so it might be a little
hard to take the foundation out of the bottle without making any mess.It does
the job, it's not full coverage in case you want to know.It's light weight and
you can't really feel it once you put it on.It doesn't make your skin dry or
oily.It does cover redness, you can still see your freckles which is what I
wanted, but I know some people won't like that.
Great for dry skin. Sheer coverage but you can build it up nicely. Last all
day.
I got the wrong shade but it still worked great
My favorite foundation and sooo much cheaper then anywhere else!
I bought this on TikTok recommendation…. Amazing! Goes on smooth. Wears all day
comfortably. Blends nicely too. Great daily foundation
First order came broke. Returned them got new ones. The product is nice. Now
the seller is charging me double cause they claim they didn't get the broken
ones back. Product good, but make sure it's right cause the seller ain't right.
I love this one. I have normal to sometimes a bit dry skin and this one has the
perfect coverage for me without looking like a “cake”. I just need a little bit
of it because my skin is pretty clean. It leaves my skin dewy (which I like)
and is easy to apply. Unfortunately, these doesn’t come with a pump, I really
don’t like that. In Europe those foundation comes with a pump in each bottle so
you don’t have to worry about getting too much out of the bottle. That’s why
only 4 stars.I picked ivory shade but found out it’s a tiny bit “darker” then
the fit me matte and poreless foundation which is a bit annoying but next time
I try the lighter shade or mix it a little bit.
I’m dark skin and have oily skin this makeup did cover the lighter pigmentation
in my skin only apply little or esle you’ll have to scrub to get it offI had to
order another color to get tone I needed but it didn’t rub off on clothes or
when I hugged people I would buy again
I don't feel it really stays in place but I do love how it looks when it does
stay put
I’m happy with this make-up, it blends well. I mix it with another kind and it
looks really good!!!
I love this foundation it's my favourite
Immensely outstanding quality! Notably fast dispatch. Would buy from again.
First-class service. Recommended.
I literally wear this product all the time and have no complaints. Personal
it’s affordable and your getting your moneys worth
Been using this for years. Love the color and how it doesn’t dry out the skin
The best of this product is that the material is so easy to spread. However, it
doesn’t come with a special applicator so its difficult to take it out of the
container without making a mess
I got shade102. This is everything for a nice no makeup makeup look or a
natural beat. I’m not super into glamming it up with high coverage thick makeup
beat to the gods, so this is great for me. I don’t really wear make up all the
time, but when I do I like a nice medium coverage. I do have acne scarring and
hyperpigmentation as well as very fair neutral skin. (Like I’m truly Casper the
friendly ghost in the winter and neutral af so unless it’s truly neutral it
will look either to pink or to orange aka crazy foundation mask) that side note
being said it runs a touch pink but I warmed it up with bronzer and it was
fine. I’d say this is light coverage that is buildable to medium. I have dry
sensitive skin as well so you can imagine the struggle to find something that
works. We have a winner here this stuff didn’t break me out! Hallelujah! I will
say I love a “natural” finish but I do have texture and it shows, however
that’s not the foundation‘s fault. I have texture no matter what primer or
foundation I use especially because I like a dewy more natural finish. Get it
foundation even if ur on the fence it was like 4 bucks so you can’t go wrong
even if you don’t like it.
Smells good but I picked the wrong shade .
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
I like the price of this product but it is hard to know what shade to purchase.
I ended up buying the wrong shade and just mixing it was other foundation. It
is also a bit oily for my skin, but it does tend to last a last all day.
One person found this helpful
I am SHOOK.I have been looking for my perfect color match since 2018 - I used
to use Lancome Teint Idol in 555 (not 555 Suede C, which is the replacement of
the former; the shade 555 has been discontinued, unfortunately), and since they
switched everything up, I have just been throwing dollars at makeup to find or
make my perfect shade. Between adding pigments, buying and mixing foundations,
and taking online quizzes like the one for Il Makiage and those found on
Findation.com, I was just lost.I needed to re-up on foundation, since all the
ones I bought last year before the pandemic were starting to get a lil crusty,
to say the least -This was on sale, and I figured "why not, I literally have
nothing to lose... except like, five bucks."I received it in the mail today,
and looked at it, and was disappointed."This gon make me look ashy as hell", I
thought.BUT BOY WAS I WRONG!!!I put it on my face and nearly screamed.Listen -
to all my chocolate humans out there... this... this might be the one, yo
lol.ALSO, CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE SKIN FEEL???? LIKE, okay, sorry, screaming -
BUT ALSO?? LOLLike, we all love a little matte moment, especially when the
pores are opening up like they're fulfilling their live's dream of being moon
craters, but also, when the skin is acting right, and we just want a dewy,
moiskerized, even tone to match our silky smooth base?! THIS. IS. THE. ONE!
PERIOD!For those wondering about undertone and stuff like that, I would say
that I have a rather warm or neutral tone (Yellows oranges and golds are my
colors), but I've been told that I have cooler, rosy undertones (I also love
greens and blues, but they just don't flatter me in the same way). Whichever I
am, this foundation feels like it's undertones are spot on for my skin.All in
all? 10/10. I'd say if you feel like you have a similar tone to me, this
foundation may work in your favor.Have a blessed day poo!!
GREAT for Mature Skin
I love this ! And always have. One downside is the smile lines it gives you.
This is my go to foundation! It’s cheap and looks good on me!
Always use this makeup. Goes on smooth
bought shade 110 porcelain, way too dark for me. it is however very dewy and
medium coverage, but feels like it would require a setting powder.
I got this foundation because it was on sale and I’ve always wanted to try it
and I’m really surprised that I was able to get my color through Amazon pretty
well. The color matches nice and I actually really enjoy this foundation, lol.
I never would’ve thought jus bc it was on sale on Amazon.. lol
It’s alright it was not exactly what I was looking for.
I love this foundation, it is especially so much cheaper on amazon, this worked
so perfectly for my dry skin, it is so easy to use and look so good.
I love the foundation hate the color
This is MY foundation. The only one I will ever use
Good product, I would go a little lighter next time I order
Love fit me
Incredible foundation especially for the price. It is a quality formula that is
buildable and isn’t cakey. Perfect and lightweight for everyday wear. LOVE it.
I was searching for a cheaper alternative for my Clinique and Tarte
foundations. While the color match was pretty good, my face broke out in acne
after using this product. I have worn it several times to verify the product
caused the acne, which it did for me.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
What a high quality product for a little price. I hope they never discontinue
making it. My color was perfect. It went on sheer and did not cake. There was
really nothing to clean off as it was moisturizing.You won’t be disappointed if
you purchase it.
Not bad for middle age skin. Does help with looking too matte for my mature
skin. Will purchase again.
When the old style Revlon Age Defying Liquid Makeup / Foundation was
discontinued, i tried so many foundations but they were either like water or
like putting cement on my face. This foundation is now my new go-to foundation.
Spreads well and covers perfectly. Great color match too!
I was a bit dubious about color matching online and using a cheap product but
it’s my absolute favorite foundation ever. It goes on really smoothly, covers
well and feels like nothing there. I was a bit worried when I got it because it
looks darker in the bottle but it’s a perfect match for me. Will never buy
expensive again!
It’s medium to full coverage and the amount you get is good for the price. If
you wear a primer, it is moisturizing. I like that is has spf, but I still wear
extra sunscreen. Overall, it works pretty well.
so cheap and real. buy it here and not double the price in store!
Bella
Goes on smooth,good coverage and great price
This is the best foundation I have used in a long long time. I have a very big
issue with foundations being extremely drying on my face. I guess I have dry
skin especially now in the winter I get small dry patches that are honestly not
even noticeable until I put foundation on depending on the foundation. This
foundation applies so easily and smoothly and does not cling to any dry skin on
my face. The coverage is buildable maybe not to full coverage but definitely
buildable to medium. I have spent around 60 dollars for bareminerals pro
foundations (got two of em) and they looked horrifying on me. Made my skin
super dry and flaky and looked cakey. I cant believe a 4 dollar foundation beat
the expensive ones by a lotttt. This is the best foundation if you want to look
flawless dewy and moisturized. Obviously would look better on normal to dry
skin. Get this you won’t regret it!!! (Don’t forget your primer and setting
powder, makes all the difference)
Wife loves this brand foundation it's her #1 go too budget foundation
I strongly recommend finding your color match in a drugstore, and then buying a
few extras online if you really love it. I bought one of these for an event,
thought I had the correct color, and I ended up having to wipe my makeup off
and start from scratch because of how pale I looked. A little definitely goes a
long way. I'd even mix a few drops into your moisturizer to make a tinted
moisturizer. Unless you really know your shade, don't buy this online.
This liquid makeup is so smooth and sheer and it goes on great. I needed to
replace my previous makeup and this one is great.
This foundation is great. Bleands beautifully and is not too heavy
Got this foundation on a sale and I love how easy it is to spread on my face .
I have dry skin so sometimes I end up with patches while using a liquid
foundation but with this one I experienced no such patches . This “ Fit me”
foundation is a keeper . I will be buying more “fit me” products . I’m really
happy with my purchase.
I was looking for an inexpensive weekend product.It does the job, but is super
“watery”.
Not sealed
I read a great article on this item and decided to try. It is a very sheer
formula (needs shaking each time), spreads easily no pooling or min creasing
hrs later. It does have a nice moisturizing effect, slight dewey but not shiny.
I think it’s a nice natural finish that didn’t cause breakouts to my sensitive
skin. Worth a try…
This is my go to foundation. Affordable and perfect. Get it
I got it a little to light and is quite watery
It feels smooth and light on my skin
I'm pale but not incredibly so, and I wear this foundation in the shade 120.
The photo shows the product on my wrist, which is definitely paler than my
face, so you can see the color really well.overall, no complaints. I like this
better than the matte+poreless foundation because it is made for dry skin and
also has SPF 18.I've only ever tried this and the matte+poreless foundation, so
I can't speak to how it measures up to other brands, but I've never felt the
need to try anything else out because this works really well for me.
This was a foundation that was a beautiful shade and wonderfully dewy. But it
had such an unpleasant fragrance, I could not tolerate it. It's a shame.
I forgot my base make up on a recent trip and ordered this. Excellent price for
a good product. I’m not switching from my go to makeup but it was a good
substitute in a pinch. I was at the beach so a shear coverage was appropriate.
The product is okay not the best but okay
Maybelline fit me has always been my favorite! It looks gorgeous on and it
applies beautifully! Always my go to!
Just started wearing makeup because I cheer and so far so good.
Coming from someone with acne prone, oily skin; I was a grease pit in a few
hours. To save from having a savage breakout, I washed it off after 3 hours. In
the winter this might be okay. May have to try it again then. Great price
point! As for the shade range… it went from too pasty white to too orange. I
mixed two 105 and 102 together matched somewhat closer to my skin tone.. not
really though. It has buildable coverage and it did settle into fine lines a
bit. I didn’t want to push it too far an cake it on because I was not sure how
my oily skin would like it. Apparently not so much. I tested it on my arm
first… it was very smooth and blurred a bit. So for those of you with drier
skin, this will be perfect.
The shade I picked is a good match for my skin color. Foundation is sheer and
provides a nice glow without shine.
Soooo oily /:
I am in love with this foundation. It’s so smooth 😍😍 I ordered a few shades too
dark so I reordered a lighter shade.
Enjoying this foundation, great color range and buildable coverage. Covers
everything that needs to be covered and lasts all night
This makeup is nice and buildable. if you apply a little bit it's just enough
to cover up darker blemishes and make your skin tone look even. It is so
moisturizing without feeling oily never feel like my face is getting dry
throughout the day when I apply it over my lotion. Some other brands kind of
seem to suck up the moisture from my lotion and eventually look cakey or
cracky. What I've noticed about this the most is that it has one of the
smoothest looks of any makeup I've tried. It never looks overdone or like a
mask. it literally never settles in creases and is so spreadable. I still
cannot find my exact skin tone so I apply a little bit of orangey ccostume
makeup with it which is hilarious but it works great together. I think the
vitamin e in this product really helps me before I was using my current
moisturizer I was using a much oilier moisturizer and I would always mix in
vitamin e because it's great for healing scars and it's good for my skin
personally even though it breaks out some other people's. I have not noticed
this at all breaking me out even nights when I leave it on from tiredness. It
has almost no noticeable fragrance at all which is great. And it is so cheap on
Amazon which is awesome.
This Foundation is a little runny -kept it anyway- I just mix it with my other
foundation to add color
I have been using this foundation since it first came out and haven’t ever used
anything else! I mix this one with the matte and poreless! Use 118 and 120. I
get tons of compliments on my skin at age 60! Between my skin care routine and
this foundation being so light, but has coverage it makes my skin look young
and dewy(not caked)!!
Great product just a little off in color. Kinda dry when you put it on. It's
supposed to be Dewey. Also the color isn't right. I'm fair skinned and color
was off it was to light. So I give 4 stars
Nice price for the product.
Honestly was not expecting to love this product. Ive been using a $40
professional foundation for YEARS and it was recently discontinued so i figured
I'd try this stuff just to see if would hokd me over until i could get to ulta
to have a sales person help me find a new expensive foundation. I did not
expect my search to end at a $4 bottle of drugstore makeup. But it did. This
foundation is lightweight, dewy and..it covers my sun spots flawlessly!! Im 47.
Never in a million years did i think id fall in love with a cheap drugstore
foundation..but here we are. Obsessed. This stuff is fantastic!
Can't say enough about how satisfied I am with this product! Feels like a dream
to wear.
I originally bought this foundation for a night out because I don't wear
foundation normally. Pretty much every day I just have concealer under my eyes
and on some blemishes set with powder and I'm ready for the day.Now, I did get
it maybe a shade or so too dark, but I had enough time to order another shade
to mix and got my perfect shade.First off, this foundation is about a medium
coverage. I don't have problem skin, but I have the usual redness and a few
acne scars here and there. My only problem are severe dark circles that are
unfortunately genetic and I don't expect any foundation to begin to cover up,
hence the concealer that I mentioned earlier. This foundation builds up nicely,
though I really only did a base layer and a thin second layer around my nose
and forehead because of acne scarring and redness. In no way is this cakey or
thick and uncomfortable- unless of course you pile a ridiculous amount on your
skin, which would make any foundation look pretty bad.The consistency of this
foundation is kind of liquid-y, but not super runny and hard to work with. I
apply pretty much all foundation makeup with either a damp beauty sponge or a
buffing kabuki brush (like the Real Techniques Expert Face or Buffing brushes).
I tried both and found that they both work equally well, but I tend to favor
brushes so I applied it with a flat top kabuki, making sure to buff and blend,
but not too much as to blend the foundation right away.Now, I found that even
though I have combination skin (oily in t-zone, pretty dry around brows and
cheeks), I only had to touch up once throughout the night. Three hours of
pretty much continuous dancing and I barely saw any oil forming. Now I did set
this with a powder beforehand, but I could have probably gone without. This
foundation didn't wear off or separate throughout the whole night and the
finish was great. Good job Maybelline!!PROS:-Great price-Amazing finish-Good
lasting power-Nice consistency and feel, almost like nothing is on your face-
FANTASTIC color selection, even better in-store!CONS:-I got the wrong color at
first, but that's really my fault because I didn't see the color in person-If
you have very oily skin, you may want to see if you will like this, but I know
some of my friends who use this with oily skin and love it, but it's personal
preference really!
Not a bad product. It is really watery like. It blended in pretty good on my
dry skin. It lasted for a little while.
I used to wear foundation in the 90s, when the stuff was so thick you needed a
paint roller to apply. I guess sometime in the early 2000s I stopped wearing
liquid foundation and switched mineral powder, though I wasn't completely
thrilled with it. I then moved on to tinting my facial moisturizer with my
mineral powder. A few years ago I discovered Burt's Bees BB Cream, which for
the most part I was ok with. Then just a few weeks ago I saw FitMe on sale and
I thought, "Why not?" So as I'm applying it, I thought, "Ugh, I can't believe
I'm putting this stuff... OMG... this is soooooooooo easy! I love this stuff."
So now I'm like, "Why didn't anyone tell me about this?!" Jealous people don't
want anyone else looking good? I don't know. This is great. I can only hope
they won't change the formula.
I have been looking forever for a truly dewy foundation and I can't believe
this is it! I have spent up to $50 on others with disappointing results. My
skin is always dry, no matter how much I moisturize and matte foundations only
highlight my fine lines. This is super light, dewy, and leaves my skin looking
radiant while hiding my fine lines.
A little of this product goes a long way.
Overall I think the quality of the foundation is very good - smooth and even.
It does have a brown tone to it that does not with with pink toned skin though,
so not for me. Also the bottle was open in the package and leaked everywhere...
I love this foundation in matte but sometimes my skin is too dry for it. I
bought the same shade (220) in this dewy finish to mix together or use instead
on days when my skin is dry. It works great but is a little darker than the
same shade in matte.
I've tried many big name and drug store brand foundations, I keep coming back
to this one. The color in the 2nd picture is 105 fair ivory, picture 1 is 115
ivory, which is a fair amount darker. I like having both on hand, and use 115
more in the Summer months when my skin is a little sun kissed.I like how easy
it spreads with a small amount. It has a light to medium buildable coverage. I
just use 1 light layer and blend with sponge, this blend doesn't get stuck in
fine lines like some other brands I've tried. The dewy formula is moisturizing
for dry skin. Amazing quality at low price.
Love it!
I am giving this 5 stars even though I returned it. It was not the right color
match for my skin. I think it would have been quite nice if it matched my skin
better
I have combo skin, mostly oily with some dry patches and I live in a humid
climate. This is my second favorite foundation across all price points. The
first favorite is the matte and poreless fit me foundation! When I try to use
up one of my other expensive ones, I come back to this. Note the matte and
poreless line has slightly different colors - 118 and 128 are more olive. Matte
and poreless matches me perfectly, but I still prefer this one when I have dry
patches.
Adequate coverage, but looks best when applied with a damp beauty blender and
then set with a light dusting of translucent powder. Setting spray is good too!
I never thought I could wear an ivory shade but this is the nearest my skin
tone. Sheer buildable for areas needing a little more coverage. I do add a
light dusting of Mineral Veil powder because I like a little less dewy feeling.
Love the Fit Me foundation. Wish it had a sunscreen added.
Light weight feel with medium coverage. It isn't sweat proof and doesn't last
all night but I wear to work in an office environment and it gets the job done.
It didn’t break my face out. A little to orangey for me, I am african american
its hard to find good over the countervpick foundation but might be good to mix
with other foundation. Did love it but didn’t hate it.
I was looking for an alternative, less pricey, dewey looking, but covering,
foundation. This works great! I love that it isn't heavy, especially for the
warmer months. It has a nice light coverage and matches my skin well.
I'm not much of a foundations person but this stuff is great! It doesn't go on
too thick but it has good coverage. I'll definitely be buying it again.
I've used this off and on over the last couple years and now it is making my
skin itch. I am not sure if it is me or the formula. It was shipped and packed
well so no complaints there. It has a little color and goes on smoothly. I did
not find it moisturizing, it was actually a little dry and cakey on my 60 year
old skin. It might work for someone younger.
You will love this one
Very sheer and watery.
I ve been having dry patches since the weather changed so i had to get
something moistrizing with some coverage to it, and believe me if u have the
same problem , this is what u should get!Ps : i have an acne prone skin and
this foundation didn’t make me break at all which was impressive , i usually
just stick to 1 foundation because I always break out whenever i try something
new
The shade was okay, but i have very pale skin and i definitely had to mix this
with something to both lighten it and counteract the yellow, i used nyx
lavender color corrector and a little bit of the foundation on the back of my
hand and blended until it turned lighter so i could use it. I got 102 the
lightest shade
Not great foundation, but it’s not bad for that price.
I wear this all the time it looks great
This is some really good makeup..the only thing is the bottle wasn't sealed but
it didn't look used so I took a chance
Blends seamlessly. Coverage is a little light though.
Perfect
I have this foundation in both the matte & poreless and the dewey & fresh and I
have them in the same shade number - which, I understand, is supposed to be
universal across the Fit Me line. However, this one is a bit darker/warmer than
the same number (which is 110, by the way) than the Matte & Poreless version. I
think the coverage is excellent and it has a great texture/consistency. It also
wells pretty darn well and is easy to blend and layer if you need fuller
coverage. My only complaint is the tone. The 110 in the M&P is a near-perfect
match for my skin, but as my skin tends to skew dry, it really only works for
me in the summer (when I generally need a slightly darker shade, go figure). I
wish the tones were reversed because that would be perfect! But if you are
looking for an affordable foundation that has great coverage and is easy to
work with, I absolutely recommend the Fit Me line!
It's a nice foundation. Beautiful in fact if you can match correctly. Goes on
nice and not thick. I had to order twice as my normal color did not match
Really like this product it goes on so smooth!!
I just can't bring myself to spend $30 on luxury brand make up. This works
great and you can buy several colors to mix to make your perfect shade. And at
under five dollars it's a bargain. Lightweight. Love the Dewey versions of
this. Nice glow without being greasy looking
After using a thicker product for years , changed to this as it doesn't cake up
like some. I wear 102 and am happy with the choice. Not this product's fault
but was shipped in bottle in poly mailer with no protection for the glass
bottle. Opened to find a mess to clean up. The lid had worked itself loose.
Still had about 3/4 left so cleaned kept it. The first bottle was wrapped
tightly in bubble wrap. Will see how it goes but improvement in packaging would
be appreciated. Love the stuff and will stay subscribed to see if packaging
improves.
I have used this for years love it.
Easy to spread and color matches great!
This foundation definitely does not last all day on but it does give you that
nice dewy look.
Amazing product!
This is my cheapest foundation when I'm too scared to pack my fenty on
baecations lol. All that heat and beach water -Maybelline will do just fine.
light and soft on the skin
Goes on well with kabuki brush or sponge. The lightest shades are exactly what
I have searched for, as I am very pale and other foundations turn orange y on
my pale cool tone skin.
Good makeup
Love it. Good coverage.
Overall, this is a great alternative to more high end demi matte foundations.
The price was incredible, especially considering how well the product spreads
and how little you really need. It doesn't settle into pores, crack, or
dissipate through wear. It is a good match for my pink undertones and covers
rosacea and acne scares well. I like it a lot--I can see it becoming a summer
staple because it is breathable and doesn't budge when I sweat. I can't say
it's the most luxurious foundation I've ever tried, and I wish it was a little
more thick coming out of the bottle (also, not easily to use in the sense that
there is not pump--I just flip it and then dunk my fingers in the cap), but a
great deal for the price. Impressed!
At 60+ years, I have been using this a long time and get complements on my skin
all the time!
Went on smooth and was very easy to spread nit give a lot of coverage with
having to put on a lot I bought two shades I wasn't sure which shade would
match I think both are beautiful though I love it will definitely buy again
Feels like I’m not wearing makeup and look like my natural skin! Great for
mature skin; looks dewy, healthy skin look, easy to spread and lightweight!
dupe for high end foundations -- buildable coverage and no nreakouts
Finally something that does make my face look like chalk
Comparable to fenty foundation! I like this dewy foundation more than the matte
one. Surprisingly it blended really well and my complexion is hard to find as a
black women. I have a video showing an affordable makeup routine using this
foundation check out my video on YouTube called “it’s Shanti”it’s a affordable
makeup challenge! I used the color 330! It’s buildable without being cakey 🔥🔥
Same as the store
This has been my go to for affordable, good quality foundation for a literal
decade. I’m not a teenager anymore and so the matte look just isn’t working for
me- so I switched to the dewy+smoky finish which I really do love. It works
better on my skin now that I have a grown woman’s texture and smile lines etc.
my only complaint and why I’m not giving 5 stars is because - if you have
always worn say- shade #125 in the matte version, the shade #125 in the
dewy+smooth will be at LEAST and entire shade or two darker! It’s extremely
frustrating! I had no idea. So if you are switching from matter to the Dewy+
Smooth version, go a shade or two lighter than the shade# you’re used to
buying.
Love this brand and the price. This product is very light but does its job.
Love that it helps my makeup to stay in place.
I absolutely like this brand.I don’t need to apply much and it goes on smooth.
The dewiness almost looks greasy. Too shiny by mid day
Wish it came with a pump but it doesnt so i have to pour it out the bottle to
use
I’ve been using this brand for years with no complaints. My pores don’t clog
and stay clear, this doesn’t cause me to break out. I have sensitive skin and
this gives me no irritation. Great blend and shade, I keep two shades on hand
for winter time and summer time, and I can even blend the two when it’s spring
and fall. First jar I ordered shipped without protection and Amazon shipped a
new one and wrapped the second in bubble wrap, no breaks or leaks! I’ve used
both the matte and dewy and both are easy to apply, moisturize and don’t make
me look cakey.
It works for the price and what it is. The shade is a little lighter than
expected but once I added blush and bronzer, it evened out. Recommend
Love the sheerness of this and I will buy again!
I got 110 however I have yellow undertones and while a great foundation It was
just too pink, so I gave it to my family member who does have pink undertones.
I guess I need a buff fair color.
I'm exceptionally fair with pink undertones and almost every "fair" foundation
looks yellow, tan, or orange on me. This is the only foundation I've found so
far that actually matches my skin tone (in the shade Fair Porcelain). It goes
on with really light, even coverage and the Dewy + Smooth type foundation looks
perfect on my somewhat dry / otherwise normal skin. It gives enough coverage to
dull my freckles but not completely cover them.
I love the sheerness of the makeup and it has enough moisturizer where it
doesn’t break out my sensitive skin.
I tried the matte and feel in love! Matte is better than most high end
foundations. Since I prefer dewy I tried this version. It just leaves you
looking greasy, even with a person with dry skin. It again doesn’t wear long. I
prefer the matte and poreless.
I have used this foundation since it’s release. Provides full coverage for my
skin tone and texture. A very little goes a long way for me, I have combination
skin type.
Had used this before so I knew what to except. Works very well for me.
This foundation is a great product that is not heavy on the skin. The color I
picked goes great with my skin. It's a nice full coverage foundation.
Love the low price! And the fact that it goes on well,not too icky or
anything,has a really nice dewy but not too dewy look!! Most definitely
recommend!!!
Great foundation with high coverage.
Very lightweight great for summer
Light coverage
I don’t like this product, I got fair ivory and the foundation oxidizes to be
orange by the end of the day. It was basically sliding off my face after a 5
hour shift despite me powdering and baking and it got to separate pretty weird.
It seems very greasy. I used this same foundation in high school thinking I was
just bad at makeup, but this just was not quality. I would save your money and
invest in something higher quality, physicals formula butter believe it has
been a staple for me but I decided to purchase a couple of these because the
price was right.
Better than 100.00 brands.Sunscreen good . Smooth. MoistGet the right color. .
. Will love
I have been using this product for 6 years now. And it's flawless!
Good stuff!
Amazing foundation for dry skin and very good coverage
Oddly darker then before as I used this brand many times and this color is much
darker then before.
This isn't a bad product, it's has an almost liquid texture which helps to
evenly apply it. It's moisturizing and I definitely recommend it. I would
triple check when you pick your color though, mine was a bit darker them I had
originally thought. Good news is it's the perfect match for my sister!
This foundation is as it says dewy light easy to apply it works with some
products together but not ..
I’m extremely picky about what goes on my face because I have very sensitive
skin!. This foundation is moderately priced, foundation does apply pretty
smoothly and evenly, and can be built up if you need more coverage. It’s not
very long lasting after about four hours it does start to crack. Also I would
apply attention moisturizer with it for a little bit of help with the path of
the color. The only issue I really have is there’s not a shade to exactly match
my skin color but honestly I have not found a foundation yet to completely
match my skin tone is so weird. But I would recommend Thang too similar color
foundations if you are a light skin tone like me and mixing them together to
get the perfect match!. If you ever want to ask me directly about anything
please feel free to I am very open to healthy when it comes to make up or
advice on anything pretty much you can find my Instagram itz.Leighanna.
For my skin, it's sticky, it's acne-prone, it's not for me
I have pretty dry skin and this looks super nice on my skin! You only really
need a little bit and I apply it with a beauty sponge. I got porcelain.
So happy to catch the sale
Didn’t even bother with a refund seems to be an issue when something occurs.
Tossed it, the product was a weird texture and wasn’t sure about the quality of
it maybe it’s an old one or returned item previously or what ever but yah I’d
buy ins tote next time
I had the matte version of this and the shade matches me perfectly, but the
texture was really chalky. I got this one, hoping it would give me a healthier
looking glow, but it didn't really make a difference.
I wanted to try a new foundation and chose this one based on the description of
“smooth and dewy”. I was hoping I chose the right shade since I was basing my
choice off of internet pictures, but went with natural beige. I couldn’t be
more pleased! It is easy to apply, lightweight, but good coverage. It isn’t
cakey. Color is perfect. A great everyday foundation that has spf!
it felt very oily/ greesey, just did not look pleasing to me did not spred
evenly but was very soft in texture and in liqued form
Excellent coverage perfect match
Goes on smooth not cakey Very good coverage
Takes just a small dab and goes on very smoothly with excellent coverage. I’ve
tried several of the higher priced cosmetic counter brands and I much prefer
this product over those. This never looks “cakey” and feels so smooth. Price
wise it’s a steal!
I've tried many different foundations. We are talking super expensive
foundations!!!.....and none have compared to this! I'm shook that such an
inexpensive product leaves me with glowing skin! If you haven't tried this
foundation you're missing out!
I love it. I got a compliment from a woman at the Estee lauder counter. I only
gave it four stars because it doesn't last all day but even high end doesn't so
it's great for the price.
Was too watery
Good coverage for price
I'm delighted that this foundation looks so good on my face. I tried the matte
and looked awful. This "dewey" style looks so natural.
I've used the matte version beforeThis just feels wet and it does NOT have the
same coverage. 1-2 layers of the matte foundation will entirely give you full
coverage. But if you do 1-2 layers of this 'dewy' foundation, it DOES NOT WANT
TO LAYER and just moves around. Yes, I have tried to let the initial layer dry,
but even then, adding the new layer just takes off some of the previous layer/
coverage.
Matches perfectly and stay all day without getting oily
Felt a little dry going on. Shade was a bit too lite but that's my bad. All in
all a good deal.
This foundation is one of the best I’ve found. Unlike the Clinique foundation I
used to use, this doesn’t dry out my face or show the dry spots on my cheeks. I
use lots of moisturizer and cleanser as it is, so the fact that the Clinique
still showed dry spots was disappointing since that cost me over $20! But this
stuff is cheaper, and it could be used for more full coverage, but I like using
it as light coverage to just even out my skin. It works pretty well with my
sunscreen too! And it stays on all day unless I accidentally wipe it off with
my napkin at the restaurant (oops!) but I use setting spray with it so that
definitely helps it stay on. Plus it is more sheer so it matches my skin tone
pretty well while also giving me a slight tint to look more tan :D
Overall I like it. I wish the color numbers matched.. I use 115 in Matte and
110 is to yellowy for me. I am going to try a lighter shade, the nice part it
they are cheap enough to order a few and mix shades to get a true match
Love the look and feel of this foundation. Doesn’t make my skin look flakey.
Doesn’t settle into fine line or wrinkles. Looks fantastic.
Moisture: Very nice, not too much. Nice finish. Spreads very easily, no waste.
Not too sheer, not cakey and doesn't look like i'm 'made up'. Fragrance is
overpowering. This won't work for my sensitive skin. Had to wash it off and by
that time my eyes were glassy and running. Sorry. This is good foundation,
otherwise. You just might want to pass on it if you have rosacea, or any skin
sensitivity. Too bad. Didn't know how to rate it. If I didn't have the
sensitive skin issue, I would rate it at 5, but with skin issues, I would give
it a 3, just to make people aware of the fragrance issue - it seemed
overpowering to me.
Loved this. Moisturizing and light.
Recommend it
This product is great for those days you want to look like you aren't wearing
makeup! I usually need a full coverage foundation and it always feels like I am
wearing a lot of makeup. This is sheer but buildable if you want more coverage.
Perfect for non makeup days and for when you want to look your best.
I really like this foundation as I have oily and dry skin. It looks good on my
face and smooth
Great coverage. Long lasting wear
I use this light shade as a all over concealer for my aging skin then use my
shade of foundation. Works great for me sheer coverage
First of all… I’ve bought this once before but never realized this:I used to
wonder why my skin would look fine before leaving the house, and then by the
end of the night I look several shades darker and… flaky-ish ¿ I thought my
foundation was the wrong color before realizing that it’s the product.Left:
warm sun 334 ( matte )Right: toffee 330 ( dewy )As you can see, after it dries
and is slightly blended it’s a completely different color. I thought I was
bugging but no , you just get what you pay for and this is my last time
purchasing this.
This compared to more expensive foundations is the holy grail. It’s full
coverage, very easy to apply, and the price is out of this world 10/10
recommend. Currently ditching my ik makiage, this is my new go to!
Easy application, smooth and bring a glow to my skin
This is a great, inexpensive foundation that use everyday.
Very light. Perfect match to my complexion. I’m pleasantly surprised!
I am so impressed with this foundation! I just tried it on and while I was
blending I realized that I hadn't used my moisturizer first. I don't think I've
ever put on foundation without a moisturizer, but I was curious and went ahead.
It is a GREAT foundation. My skin feels totally comfortable and very slightly
dewy. I am 59 years old, my skin is dry and I have some fine lines. So I think
this is amazing. There are no dry patches and the fine lines don't show at all.
Without a moisturizer! It's a very clean look and feels light and fresh. I have
been looking for a foundation that is similar to Clinique "Extra Help Makeup"
for years since they discontinued it. Back then, in my 20's, my skin was pretty
perfect and still, somehow that makeup made it look and feel better. This is
the closest thing I have found to it. The Clinique color was Porcelain.I bought
the Fair Ivory and it matches my pale skin with pink undertones. Update: with
moisturizer underneath it's even better, slightly more dewy with not the
slightest greasy sensation.
I love how smooth this applies and coversI have pretty dry skin and usually I
can see other foundations grab on to my dry skin but this seems to make
everything disappear.I've bought a few more bottles. I just love this
inexpensive but amazing Fondation
It's taken a lot of trial and error recently to find a foundation. So many of
them feel like you're wearing a waxy mask. The last one by L'oreal was nearly
impossible to wash off. I wanted something full coverage that felt light and
smooth. Fit Me works beautifully. It goes on smoothly with a makeup brush, I
tapped it in with a Beauty Blender. It blurred and blended well in concert with
the matching concealer. It moisturizes nicely without making your skin feel
sticky. No creasing or running throughout the day, even in the humidity. I
didn't feel like I was wearing a shield on my skin which was the first plus.
The best part came in taking it off. It washed off easily with mild face wash
and water. No residue in my pores, no breakouts in the morning. I think I found
a keeper.
Love how creamy ot was and the match was perfect
I have very pale, aging, acne prone and dry skin. I use curology to combat
these problems. But I have found foundations to be a factor in my skin
problems. I WAS using Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless, and I found it to be
very drying and patchy on my skin. Seemed to cause excessive acne as well. But
THIS foundation is so moisturizing for my skin. It does not go on patchy AT
ALL. It goes on as a light coverage for me but I just apply another layer for
more pigment. It looks so natural and easy on my skin. Get this if you have
similar problems. Color seemed too orange when I saw it at first but it went on
PERFECTLY like it was made for my skin tone. And that is a very hard thing for
me to find usually since I’m so pale.
Very glad I tried this stuff, it really is moisturizing ... I have dry, mature
skin and everything cracks on me - this doesn't, it doesn't look cakey either.
If it is a bit oily looking, a quick buff of powder, and your good to go.
I've been using this foundation for 7 years now and have just this week
purchased an airbrush make-up system for myself. I didn't want to spend a
fortune on buying the foundation that's meant for an airbrush make-up machine
so I used this Maybelline fit me foundation and mixed it with Mehron make-up
mixing liquid to thin the foundation out like it needs to be for an airbrush. I
only used maybe a tbsp of this foundation, a tablespoon or two of Mehron, and a
half a tsp of elf make-up setting spray. I purchased some 2oz squeeze bottles
and metal beads to mix my diy airbrush foundation and it works so amazingly.
It's perfect because this Maybelline is water based and exact what I needed.
I'm glad I can keep using my favorite foundation and don't have to start shade
hunting all over again.This foundation alone was never very good at staying in
place. Which was my only complaint, but mixing it and adding setting spray into
the blend made it perfect. All day wear and no fading, smudging, or moving.
Not sure if it’s my luck with products but mine seemed to apply more on the
watery side .like spread oil on water paint … I seen the color difference..
laughs to self clearly not my shade but perfect for blending . I tried working
it with another product in hopes to thinking it up more . Even different
brushes . To me I think this product ,my skin just wasn’t a match . It could be
for you to find out an test for yourself in my opinion…just never know until
you give it a whirl … but totally wish I had a video to show it applied .
This is such a good everyday foundation for normal to dry skin. Coverage is
Medium. I'd say 118 (Light Beige) is pretty close to MAC NC20. This one leans
yellow unlike shade 120 (Ivory) which was a little on the pink side to me. The
only thing I don't care for is fragrance. Its not good for your skin and I
prefer my skincare and makeup without it.
Goes on smooth, nice coverage. Not drying. Absolutely love this. Definitely my
favorite
I bought the color “porcelain” in both the dewy and matte fit me foundations.
The dewy one is way darker than the matte one. What’s up with the
inconsistency?
Buy it! This has been my go to makeup for years! usually pay $12.00 or more .
This price is amazing!
Received it quick. Gotta say this is cheap but great foundation.. Good coverage
without clogging pores.
Finally a foundation that didn't make me look orange and didn't dry my T zone
area more than what it is. I've had a lot of trial and error with foundations
especially with my dry skin and this worked for me.
I wasn’t trusting the reviews and I didn’t expect to like this as much as I
did. This is now my new favorite, it has a great color, great coverage, and it
is moisturizing. It’s exactly what I was looking for.
I had previously used the matte formula for this line and my eczema prone skin
hated it. I've been using Almay for the past several years and while it gave me
great coverage, my dry areas would be flaky by the end of my work day. I
recently watched a YouTube review in favor of this dewy formula and decided to
give it a try. It wears so nicely! Great coverage (buildable without being
cakey) and spreads nicely with a beauty blender, and at the end of the day my
driest spots still aren't flaky! It gives a great, natural glow without being
shiny or "wet". Not only is this a great change for my skin, but also for my
wallet! I'll be buying again for sure!
Wasn’t real impressed with this makeup..
The best product ever I love it
Love it
It’s kind of watery and I don’t like that it doesn’t have any safety seal on
it, it looks used.
Everything!
It wasn’t the same color as. My skin tone it was more lighter than I thought it
would be so I’m not going to use it as a foundation more like a concealer but
other then that it’s great it’s soft and u can spread it easy
Great cover , nice and smooth look with out extra shine (oil). My skin gets
really oil and I have a hard time getting my foundation to stay on and cover my
acne and this product was a great support
I am in love with this foundation. It leaves A very even finish. Not heavy at
all and covers without weight
I use Maybelline Fit Me all of the time and was shocked when I received my
order to see the bottle was not filled to capacity, indicating someone had
returned the item. The information on the site says "New," but it was false
advertising.
I have a hard time finding my color so this helps I posted 2 pictures of couple
foundations that I purchased one with flash and one without
This product was super hard for me to find but I found it here on Amazon and
I’m so happy this make up never clogs my pores and never rubs off on my
clothing highly recommend
I've found that there are two different colors in the FIT Me collection that
work for me. There is both a "warm" and "cool" shade that when used together,
is exactly what I need. I made the mistake of getting a FIT ME shade that was
much too light for me (Porcelain) and so I ordered Nude Beige. I'll admit, I
was devastated when I saw how orangey the Nude Beige was, but when I applied
it, I couldn't believe how well it blended with my skin. I use the Porcelain on
the parts of my face that I want highlighted and then the warm Nude Beige
everywhere else. It actually works out well and it gives my skin a warm glow.
Take into account how cool or warm your natural skin tone is before finding
your perfect shade (or shades). Also, it is of VITAL importance to consider
your skin type. Is your skin dry? Buy the dewy foundation. Is your skin
naturally oily? Consider the matte. I made the mistake of ordering matte the
first time and it is DRY. If you have issues with dry skin, do yourself a favor
and get the Dewey + Smooth foundation.
I bought this foundation since it says it has a dewy finish. I use it all the
time now. It glides on smooth over the skin, I do use moisturizer first. I like
that its not thick and heavy but covers mu flaws well without drying my skin
out.
I have tried many different foundations and this stuff is great. I wish I would
have found it a long time ago. It’s my second time purchasing it and I hope
they never discontinue it. It provides perfect coverage and helps moisturize my
skin as well. It looks very natural when you put it on. I can’t recommend this
enough. I was surprised by how inexpensive it is too because it is such a great
foundation.
This is my first time trying any foundation except youniques mineral touch
liquid foundation. And this is okay. It's really wet and cold in comparison and
I had to use quite a bit more to get coverage, it didn't seem to blend as well.
However it is significantly cheaper so I didn't expect it to be the same. I did
like that it went on smooth and didn't feel cakey or heavy. But it did feel
pretty oily and I was under the impression from their ad it was not supposed
to. Feel oily, dewy and oily are 2 different things to me. I will try the matte
version and see if that's more. Like the younique foundation I love... I just
can't spend $40 on foundation anymore :(... But If I can't find a good
replacement I will ugh..Overall for the money I spent I am happy... But just
not what I expected because of the way they advertised it... And why is it so
cold and slimy at first?? I understand it's a liquid but like I said I'm using
a liquid and it's neither cold nor slimy... And yes I shook it.
I’ll probably have to mix two shades. I can’t seem to find the right shade for
me. I love the makeup.
I wasn’t sure if this was my tone but it turns out it is and im really happy
for it. Smells really good and does what it says
I really love the feeling and blend of this foundation. Its consistency is
comparable to Il Makiage but I like this one better. Reasons why: the hydration
it provides, it contains SPF (Il Makiage doesn't), and another nice thing is
its $35 cheaper. I would like to try more shades. I found the shade that I had,
had a lot of orange undertones and I would've preferred some blue undertones
with my skin tone. With that said. Their color chart does need more variety but
the value for cost is great.
Love the coverage and how light weight it is. I get headaches from some
foundations that have too much scent, this didn't cause problems at all for me.
I also feel like the price point is amazing for the product. I have very dry
skin, and I don't feel like it is a strong moisturizer but it also hasn't dried
my skin out or given me acne like other ones, so I love it for the bit of
moisture it does give. Honestly this is my favorite foundation and so much
cheaper than some of the others I've tried.
For my entire life, I have worn a foundation that is too dark for me in order
to cover imperfections. I finally went onto the Maybelline site and did a
virtual try-on, which I recommend to everybody. I found my FitMe number, which
I can use with any formulation. It is so nice to extend it out to the edges of
my face and have no telltale shade dropoff.As far as texture, I am VERY DRY.
This foundation appeaers matte on me, which I actually like. I am also very
sensitive and it does not trigger any sensitivity for me.
This foundation is as advertised...perfect match. It's so light; you'll forget
it's on, and a little goes a long way.
I had been purchasing high end foundations trying to find a match since Marc
Jacobs discontinued my most beloved brand (Genius Gel). And I returned them.
Either too yellow or too orange or too smudgy.So I basically looked at the
shade page on this item, and ordered (guessed) and it was perfect. It blends
well, I can build up in necessary places (I'm looking at you, cheekbones).My
only complaint is that it is very thin and spills easy, but at the price, I'm
sold!
Best for the.price I have found. Stays on!!! Like forever. A must buy
The color was a good match. It is a very dewy, light weight, sheer foundation.
Would recommend to someone who wants a more natural look.
Color was way to yellow (could have been user error I suppose). I still have to
put serums on my face before I use it. It really needs more moisturizers in it.
I don’t dislike this product it’s as well on the skin and works as well as
other foundations that I have used. However I bought the matte version first
and that color worked beautifully. After searching I finally found the dewy
version and that color was a little too orange.
I love how light weight the foundation is
The shade I purchased was a bit too dark but with that aside, this didn’t blow
me away as far as finish, wearability, etc goes. I think it’s great for the
price but would suggest L’Oréal infallible pro-glow if you’re looking for a
drugstore foundation with a dewy finish. I always go back to that one!!!!
One person found this helpful
A decent product at an affordable price. Didn’t give me the dewey appearance or
coverage I was hoping for but it is light, easy to apply and moisturizing.
This is the first time I tried this foundation and I like it very much. It's
definitely good for dry skin and "aging" skin. Good product.
I love the way this feels on my skin it covers up my hyperpigmentation well it
doesn't look like I have one makeup but you do need to use a setting powder or
a setting spray or it will smear
Keeps my rosacea calm and has an SPF for protection.
Maybelline Fit Me Dewy & Smooth- Honestly, this is the best drugstore
foundation I've ever tried. I usually like a matte foundation, but lately have
found that my skin has been covering both ends of the combination spectrum, and
the foundation on my more dry cheek and forehead areas looked patchy/flakey. I
love how smoothly this applies, and it covers well without looking too "thick."
The areas I need to keep matte, I apply setting powder to. The areas that tend
to patch up or look flakey, I just left alone. This combination has made my
foundation look absolutely flawless. It's well worth the small amount of money
vs more expensive high end foundation. Without a setting spray, this will
likely transfer off throughout the day, but I found that a good setting spray
will do the trick for that. (I use NYX's spray, it works well.)The only issue I
have with this is that I was a "classic ivory" in another one of Maybelline's
brand of foundation, but this was significantly darker than the other "classic
ivory." If you can go somewhere to swatch, that'd be ideal.Overall for the
price paid, an extremely good value.
I had seen several different influencers recommend this and thought I’d try it.
It gives me good coverage for my age spots yet looks very natural. I’m very
happy!
I ordered shade 110 porcelain after being shade matched on the maybelline
website. The first thing I noticed was the very yellow undertone which did not
flatter. I thought big deal, I just ordered the wrong foundation for my
complexion. After finishing my makeup I looked like middle school barfed on me.
It was ORANGE. The swatch on my hand oxidized down orange too. Upon putting a
fresh swipe over the oxidized swipe I could see the beautiful fresh yellow
contrasting with the ugly orange. This swipe also oxidized to orange. I can't
imagine this working for any skin, but if you are very warm it may suit.
Besides the awful orange, the formula was beautiful. I wanted it to work so
bad. It smells like play doh, like all maybelline products seem to. I'm never
impressed with this brand. They always fall short of my expectations. Oh well,
returns are free. No harm no foul.
The photos are lighter than the foundation you receive. Foundation was darker
then image
The only drugstore foundation that lives up to the hype for me. Not a “dupe”
but good. Really pretty finish, lasts all day if you set it. I use this when I
don’t want to use my high end foundations. It honestly looks great if ur doing
a full face, and you can’t beat $5. I have tried two different colors and I
noticed that the lighter shade I used,210 sandy beige, had a prettier finish
than the more yellow shade 228 soft tan (pictured). I can’t find a perfect
color match so i’ll keep buying 210. 210 is the same shade match as itcosmetics
“medium tan” which are both a little light on me. Hope this helps!
So I typically buy expensive coverup brands but I was given this as a
suggestion and thought why not for the price. I am genuinely shocked how great
the coverage is. Smell is non exinsistant which is good because I hate smelling
it, and the spread is awesome. Goes on smooth with a brush application.My only
complaint is it can make my nose look a little oily and I need to pat midday.
Matched perfectly with my skin tone .
Ok so only certain foundations look good on my skin. My skin is dry and it can
look really flakey and just overall bad after a long day.For a long time I was
using IT cosmetics CC cream but wanted to find something that was cheaper. I
tried many drug store foundations and they all flopped before trying this
one.All that being said I will not be returning to anything else because I love
this product!!! It blends well and is light while giving full coverage. And you
cant beat the price!!! ❤️❤️
Hardly any coverage and does not last all day
Look the coverage it gives.I have a natural look which is excellent. Perfect
match
Moist
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
great coverage but not heavy. i wear the same color in pressed powder and it's
perfect.
This is my favorite foundation ever! You get such a great quality product at an
amazing price. I normally wear foundation 3-4 times each week and this bottle
ends up lasting me at lease 4 months. I would say the coverage is light to
medium, so if you are just looking to even out your skin tone or cover up a few
small spots, then this is the foundation for you. I have pretty pale skin and I
have had a hard time finding a good foundation that didn't leave me looking
orange and I finally found this one! It works really well with my skin tone and
the color stays true and doesn't oxidize and get orangey like a lot of other
foundations do. I have pretty dry skin and have found that this works best if
you exfoliate a few times a week and moisturize first about 30 minutes before
applying the foundation so it doesn't have any dry patches to stick to. I think
that for the price, this is an amazing foundation. It applies smooth and the
coverage lasts all day for me without having to reapply. I do recommend using a
setting powder over top of the foundation if you like it a bit more matte
because this foundation can tend to look a bit shiny if not.
Cap for foundation was opened, the product leaked everywhere!! Very
disappointed.
I love this. It doesn't look dry and cracked on my face or like I'm wearing a
mask. I use Tula for a smooth face before applying.
I like everything about this order thanks Amazon♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
The coverage was smooth and brought some glow to my face. Even though I got a
light shade it was not a light enough shade for my face. Would need to see if
they have an even lighter shade,
I don't really wear foundation, but when I need to, this one does ok
So smooth going on and great price
I was looking for a new dewy foundation during the pandemic so I ordered a lot
of them to try. I like the glass look. I do not think this will give you that
look without the proper skin care though. A dewy skincare routine is essential
for that dewy look. I found this one and it was great to put over my skincare.
It’s a great price too. However, this is not the current foundation I use
because I am focusing on the health of my skin and chose to go with something
with an spf in it. Otherwise this would be my choice.
Very thin, runny. The shade is off a little compared to other brands with that
name/number.
Love the smoothness , moisturizer and easy to applied perfect sink tone color
no flaky hard look Amazing!
I bought this foundation because it was featured in Seventeen Magazine and Teen
Vogue and everyone was trying it. The first time I tried it, the result wasn't
what I expected, and my face looked really bad. But days later I changed the
brush and gave this foundation a second chance and WOW, everything changed, it
blended perfectly and my face looked really natural. This foundation has a
really good coverage and doesn't make you look like you are wearing a lot of
makeup. Just like everything, it has a minor problem, the color. I bought 315
Soft Honey because that's my tone on Covergirl, so I thought it would be the
same. For my surprise, it wasn't. It's a little darker but with a little extra
blend it can be fixed. If you are familiar with Maybelline products, I think
you won't have problem with this. Also, it has like an orange tone, probably to
give you a more tanned look. All this is in Soft Honey, I actually don't know
how lighter or darker tones work. In conclusion, if you are a makeup beginner
like me, I recommend this foundation.
This is one of the best foundations ever! I have loved it for years it makes
your skin look so good.
love the price
I am 50 years old and my skin can tend to be dry. I have a few wrinkles as
would be expected and was really tired of foundation settling into the lines on
my face and helping me look worse! Also i found that since my skin has aged
foundation just seemed to be sitting on top of my skin and didn't have a
blended appearance. My daughter suggested that i try Dewy foundation for aging
skin. Wow, that really made a difference. It had not occurred to me that i
needed something different since my skin had started to really show the signs
of aging. I used MAC with mineral foundation for years and loved it, but it
didn't look the same recently. This foundation is exactly what it claims. It's
"dewy" and my skin seems to feel softer immediately. the color blends
flawlessly and I could not be happier. I used it the first day with a primer
and it was great. I used it the second day without a primer and couldn't see
any difference. I consider that a bonus. if your skin is aging and your younger
foundation isn't quite the same i would definitely give this a try.
I bought the 2 versions of the Fit me foundation and honestly I like both of
them. I need to mix both of those tones to get mine and I like it. It's gotten
a good price for how good it is. If you use a brush you can easily spread it
and it smells good. I would highly recommend to use it if you are constantly
exposed to the sun bc it really protects and moisturizes your skin. Looking
forward to buying another one
I’ve been using Maybelline’s Matte & Poreless Foundation for years & decided to
finally try Dewy + Smooth. Wish I’d done it sooner! I was put off by the amount
of reviews preferring Matte + Poreless. General comments were that Dewy +
Smooth looks greasy. I have normal skin & I actually like the Dewy look
more.Many people have also pointed out that Dewy + Smooth runs darker than
Matte + Poreless. I went to Walmart to test that out for myself & it’s true. If
you’re switching like me, go for 1-2 shades lighter.In the pictures posted (one
with flash, one without), the bottom splat is Dewy + Smooth in 115: Ivory &
above it is Matte + Poreless in 125: Natural Beige. As you can see, I
accidentally poured way too much. The opening is too wide in my opinion, or
maybe I’m just that clumsy haha. Haven’t had the chance to take a selfie with
this product yet. Will be updating this review!
I love that this foundation works for me AND my much lighter daughter! The only
other foundation I've found that does this is MAC and everyone knows how
expensive they can be! I have two shades. One I use to conceal and
highlight;the other offers perfect full coverage.
I am older and this stuff works. I use a moisturizer first. As good as dept.
store products.
Very smooth finish and spreads really easy.
Ok, the picture was taken to show my new eyeshadow pallete by GenderFluid lol
but to get this face coverage I had to do literally 3 layers. I used my fingers
to put it on my skin cause there's no dropper or stick. Then I used a brush to
apply it, then a brush again to add more. Then I went in with more and a beauty
blender for the "final layer". I wasn't attempting like full coverage, I just
wanted to kind of hide or blurr some discoloration I have around my nose and I
had a little acne along my jaw line. For a VERY light, almost like tinted
moisturizer kind of coverage, this is perfect.
it’s so nice and beautiful coverage. blends amazing but the oxidation is
horrible :(
Might work if you have really dry skin. Just made me look like a greasy mess.
Good
I have been using a sealer and powder powder on my face for about 12 years
because I never liked how liquid foundations didn't blend easy or would look
really really thick and this has my mind blown. I used a makeup brush and this,
it took me maybe 3 minutes to do and it covers so nice and leaves a nice Dewy
look and lasts all day. No more powdered or concealers needed!! I'm so glad I
finally bought it to try it out.
Too oily for my face Idk why but my face is dry but it spreads so much oil on
my face and doesn't feel like its a dewy foundation rather I feel like I put
some heavier full coverage foundation.
This particular seller is getting reviewed not the product which is great but
bottle didn't have seal and looked dirty used
It’s perfectly matches my skin tone, but it slightly oily for me. I like dewy
look but it’s too much for me. I have order matte kind instead of dewy. Let’s
see how it works. Perfect for brown skin
I love this foundation because it's light weight, matches me perfect, doesn't
make me break out. I love tgat its affordable. The great thing I also like is
that it wears off evenly through out the day. It lasts about 6 hours and then
you'll need to put more on if you're going out again. This is good to even out
sking tone. This is not for those who are looking full coverage. The matte it
better for that. This is low maintenance. If someone rubs you you dont have to
worry about it being suoer noticeable.
They're her color she likes. The price. Was paying 9.00 local. Not anymore.
Thank you. Deputydog 🐕‍🦺.
This is a reorder. Covers well without being too thick, wide choice of shades,
looks good.
I bought this for my teenage Neice who says she likes how smooth it goes on and
last all day. Her skin tone matches the shade she chose.
this foundation is pretty good considering it's price. however, while putting
on face it is a little bit oil and hard to be spread. too dark with time goes
on and will shade too soon
I love the light feeling but good coverage of this. Works great with my dry and
sensitive skin!
This foundation is the best economic foundation in the market according to
me.It’s light yet gives coverage.
I love the coverage but I must it another because it can be orange
I have no complaints. Matched my complexion perfectly. Goes on smooth & light
with buildable coverage. It worked great in Northeast Cold & Florida Heat lol.
It is was perfect for me.
This is a must to have at your makeup bag I really like the fit me foundation
it won’t disappoint. It’s super inexpensive and super affordable and it leaves
a light sheer feel to face.I use the ivory 115 shade.
Does have the thickness that I’m used too. Too runny. Spreads easily but you
have to apply more due to the sheerness.
I had to return bc I got the wrong color but I still tried the formula to make
sure it was what I wanted. I have dry skin and can't usually use foundation
without looking like a powder donut (i dont use powder) This stuff however was
very smooth and blendable and made my skin look soft and even! I loved it and
will be buying myself a lighter shade.
A bit dark but I have been using it & for the price, it's ok. It does provide
good coverage & spreads well.
This foundation offers a dewy feel and gives super overall coverage!
It was good, made my face sting a little, kind of weird
Good product for older skin I'm 44 this seems to smooth on nice I don't use
primer or any of that stuff. You'll need you to set this with a light powder,
or it will slide all over your face but it looks natural, covers everything.
I'm used to just buying the lightest shade of makeup they have, any brand. Not
in this one it was way too light, go darker than you think you need to go . be
sure you know your undertones. lots of color choices here, it took me awhile to
get it right but once I did I love it.
The coverage on this is amazing! It covers enough to cover up all up my red
spots and ance but my freckles can still shine through! I'm sure you could
layer it on a little thicker to cover up the freckles if you wanted. It's very
lightweight on the face but stays put. I've worn it all day and didn't have any
problems with it fading or sweating off. Also, I have combination skin, my
tzone is oily but the rest of my face is a little dry and this works perfectly
for that!I will definitely be buying this again and again!
This spreads well but it is very sheer and the consistency is thin. Poors out
of the bottle almost like water. But for the money it’s pretty much what I’d
expect.
I ordered ivory and although it has the right number on it, it is a couple
shades darker.
It was runny and you have to apply multiple times before it looks like you have
any makeup on
I have always used Maybelline's mascara and recently starting using their
foundation , and wow where have I been . It works fantastic and I will never
stray from Maybelline .
Worth It! Really light, clean, smooth coverage. I apply with fingertips. So
easy! Nobody knows I’m wearing makeup. Sweet.Almost invisible but no redness or
minor blemishes can be seen.Really lovely. I have used this for 3 years off and
on. Always my go to base. Especially when traveling. Easy to buy pretty much
anywhere unlike several of my favorite expensive brands.
Been using this for years. This really is dewy, good medium buildable coverage,
lasts long, looks natural as long as you make sure to blend it in. I use a very
dense brush to blend after I dot directly on my face. I do use it with
Maybelline primer and a bit of setting powder. 110 is perfect color, so pretty,
just a little pinkish. You can't beat the price. This is every bit as good as
expensive high-end foundation in my opinion.
This foundation was really beautiful on my skin. It provides medium coverage
and didn’t settle in my 54 year old lines. The finish was very skin like.
Initially I was very happy even though I wasn’t thrilled the formula having
parabens in it. I could have overlooked that. My skin is normal, skewing
towards sensitive. After wearing this for two days my face started erupting in
red mounds. Only one ever filled with a liquify white head. It’s now been three
days since discontinuing wear and I’m still experiencing the occasional mound.
I’m not someone who suffers breakouts, nothing had changed but this foundation.
Even though I loved the look of this foundation. I cannot recommend. I also
realize mine is not the only review stating this issue.
I got the classic ivory since I’m a little more fair skin and it was so
yellow!! Complete waste.
Initially, I tried the Maybelline Fit Me matte & poreless, but it was too
drying for my skin, and would look flaky after applied.My skin tends to be
drier and sensitive, so I just wanted some light, hydrating coverage. It’s
lightweight, easy to spread, and gives my skin a more youthful dewy glow.
Pictured, I first washed my face with Cetaphil gentle skin cleanser, used
Neutrogena hydro boost water gel as a face moisturizer, then applied this
Maybelline Fit Me dewy + smooth in ivory #115. I have eye/eyebrow makeup on,
but no other makeup on my skin. I’m glad I found this product!
I don’t like the oily ness of it and it makes me feel like I have it caked on
my face def not good to wear in the summer
Very good product considering its price. I finally found a shade that matches
my skin tone and I will deff be repurchasing. Applies amazingly with a beauty
blender or even a brush.
Loved the price on Amazon and thought this would be perfect for my daughter's
normal/dry skin. While the foundation was moisturizing and went on great,
unfortunately the color was too orange and we had to return it. Will try again
in a lighter, more neutral shade.
It does ok , it’s worth what you are paying for it
Not a bad foundation for the price. I have dry skin and this stuff really
helped stopped that cake-y look many foundations give me. It. Is. Dewey. If
you're not wanting that "glow" then use their Matte version.I am ungodly pale
and the 110 matches my skin nicely. I would suggest trying out different
primers before applying this foundation. I prefer silicone based primers, but
they didn't look right under this foundation. So when I use this stuff, I opt
for Ulta's hydro prime. Much better pairing.Coverage! This foundations beings a
good medium coverage that could easily be built up to full with a second go
around with a beauty blender.Cons: after an hour or so, the foundation starts
to make my pores more noticeable. But a quick blot with some oil absorbing
sheets and the problem is fixed. Not a bad trade off for a high performing yet
inexpensive product.
I only gave it four star because it’s not the best match for me. I wanted this
dewy because I have dry skin versus the matte poreless coconut. But turns out I
like the other one better as far as matching. This one gives a lot of yellow
undertone, so does the mate poreless but a lot less. I just use the poreless
coconut and make sure to moisturize well. I also use a shimmer prime for the
dewy look
I'm biracial (black and white) and this is the closest commercial product I can
find to my skin tone. I was excited to see it in the store for the first time
because it has a yellowish/greenish tint instead of a pinkish tint. My issue
with brown makeup is most companies make it very pink so it doesn't match my
natural color.I only apply once in the morning, but I also use a matte
finishing spray so that likely helps. I got a compliment on how good this
makeup looks from one of my African American colleagues who said she also has
trouble finding foundation that matches her skin because it's usually too pink.
I told her to try this. Cosmetic companies--pay attention! Ditch the heavy
pink-tinted foundations!Glad to have found this on Amazon because it's less
expensive to buy here than the store.
Great for dry skin. Light / Medium coverage
Good thing I have some light foundation to mix with this but light ivory is
more like light tan. Other than that formula is good
I like this foundation very much. It has nice build able coverage, stays put
and just "feels" good. My only complaint is that it doesn't have a pump to
dispense. I feel a pump dispenser keeps your product fresher, longer - and no
waste.
Has an orange tint to it. I mixed it with my other foundation and it looks
great.
This product gives great coverage, smooth and does not cake. Worth the price!
I bought this product at first time and it’s good one . I’m glad that I
purchased this items.
Super moisturizing and brightening foundation. These come in many different
shades, something which I consider crucial for a beauty product. I highly
recommend this product for those who have dry, eczema and/or acne prone skin!
Most makeup products tend to irritate my skin, however this did wonders and
covered up nearly all my patches without breaking me out or burning
Bottle was not sealed (loose top) so some some foundation spilled out. They
color is not for me it has too much pink in it. I did try it to see if I would
like the formula and I would purchase it the right color. If you like a dewy
finish, then this is for you!
This is my winter foundation and I love it the only problem is that it isn't
completely full coverage mostly just medium to almost full coverage but other
than that it's amazing
I purchased the Maybelline Fit Me Dewy + Smooth Foundation in shade Mocha 360.
It arrived earlier than the delivered by date and was in great condition. No
spillage, cracks, or broken seals. Yes, the dewy foundation is runnier in terms
of consistency than the matte version, but that's just how Maybelline made the
formula. So, do use a light hand when pouring this product out.Also, you the
dewy foundation will have to be built up depending on what type of coverage you
like. In my opinion, this product had a strong reddish-orange undertone when it
was first applied. However, as it dried and set the undertone wasn't as strong.
I put on one coat and didn't need to reapply at all. I would recommend the dewy
formula other people with dry skin because it did help to keep my skin feeling
hydrated unlike when I use matte foundations.Will definitely be purchasing this
product again.
I used many foundations in over 5 years of my life because I sweat more quickly
in cool weather too. I expected the foundation should be smooth and blend
quickly and it is. This review may help for wheatish and dry skin toned. it
stays long even during humid. This foundation makes you appear natural and
compound greatly well with the skin. I recommend this product also for people
one who sweat more even in ordinary weather, so this is the good product you
can try .. it won't create mess even you sweat :)
My first time trying Fit me. Good coverage. Held up all day. Color was not a
perfect match,but that's because I bought online vs being able to open up and
look in-store. Overall happy for spending the 5$.
It's a good foundation. I like the texture. I've yet to find a liquid
foundation that has longevity, so I couldn't give it 5 stars in that category.
But everyone's body is different & products react differently for everyone, so
I suggest everyone just don't take what I say for you also, try it out for
yourself. It might be perfect for you. It's nice & creamy & smooth. Good value
for the money.
It’s great product but it wasn’t factory wrapped.it was only half full, IF
THAT! although it was wrapped in bubble wrap for shipping purposes.I won’t be
using it bc of it being opened already
I have larger pores, uneven skin tone & several flaws that I aim to hide when I
wear my makeup. Maybelline New York Fit Me Dewy + Smooth Foundation is perfect
for me. The foundation blends flawlessly and it's not a heavy thick formula.
Instead it offers a light weight, supple & smooth finish. Amazing job at
covering my imperfections. The shade selection is quite large as well so there
are many color options to choose from.I assure you that a little goes a long
way. This is my new favorite foundation hands down!
This works just as well as my $45+ Liquid foundations. I’ve tried clinique,
born this way, Marc Jacob’s, urban decay, etc and I’m definitely not going
back. I have dry skin, my face doesn’t soak it all in and leave a cakey mess on
my face after a few hrs. I love it. It has good, buildable coverage and doesn’t
feel heavy. I will be buying more for sure.
Love the medium coverage. Blends well and lasts. Doesn't settle into lines. I
use it daily and will buy it again.
I just applied the foundation for the first time so i cant say how the
longevity of the foundation is, but i have eczema, so my skin gets dry fast i
like that my skin feel hydrated; And moreover, I have a hard time finding
shades for women of color with the right tones to match my skin, i love this
shade i use concealer to highlight but its so natural i really didnt need to
use it. My shade i tried is 330 TOFFEE for the FIT ME DEWY AND SMOOTH. Great
quality once you have the right shade.
This product is not only a great price, but it also spreads easily and holds
all day. A small amount goes a long ways and it doesn't feel heavy on my skin.
I love this drug store product and the price makes it even better. I have used
so many different foundations high end to drug store and this is by far my
favorite no creases or cake face which is the best and getting it shipped to my
house instead of searching through racks and paying more money this is the best
It works well for every day use.
My first time trying this formula and I give it a thumbs up! I haven't worn
foundation much recently because I'm 60 and older skin looks scary with too
much makeup. But this is not as thick as other foundations that I've used in
the past. The color blends in evenly and the feeling is like you're not wearing
foundation is all. It evens the skin tone very nicely yet still looks light and
natural.
I had been spending way more on foundation until I found this...one of my holy
grail products...in 2018. I've been using it ever since. My face is always
chronically dry, but this foundation helps tremendously. I pair it with ELF
hydrating primer. The coverage is great and the price is even better.
Need a good sticky primer or else it moves a lot. Not easy to get an even
finish. Leaves skin looking and feeling greasy. I really like the super stay
and decided to give this one a try. Good price and may work for someone else
just not for me.
I like my item but the delivered not good
Great for the price
This won’t be your typical full coverage foundation, but I’d say with a little
buildup you can get it to a medium coverage. Makes your skin look fresh, it has
a nice natural finish, not too dewy, which I like. The price was great!
Definitely will purchase again
Very natural
Easy to use. Spreads easily. Good coverage
I love this product
Good value good color
I love this foundation. I get it every few months. My last couple bottles that
I ordered unfortunately got broken by the shipping personnel though, but that
is not the seller's fault.
Nice product, nice coverage and not cakey at all
This is my go to for lazy make-up daily wear. I hate wearing the stuff. This is
my favorite for full coverage and to slap on and go.
Without masks, visor and sunglasses I tan easily and use natural beige or even
a more tan color like medium beige/tan in the summer. Those colors are too
yellow and dark for my untaned skin right now and the switch to Nude Beige
works very well at the moment. Whenever masks will come off, the darker colors
can be easily mixed with the lighter ones.
This is my first time ever buying and trying makeup and the 355 coconut fits my
skin perfectly. Maybe a little too perfect actually. It blends well and it had
a nice smooth glow to the skin. My skin is oily and dry and it actually looks
good even after I bake which tones down that dewey look a little. The bottle is
tiny though:( I will try matte one next time but I think its worth the try.
So I am a foundation lover. I often purchase and try new ones searching for the
perfect one. This one isn’t bad. It perfect for a light coverage foundation. It
evens skin tone but still allows imperfections to show through making it look
natural. It is one of the more dewy foundations I have tried but as someone
with extremely dry skin it’s defiantly not as dewy as I’d hoped. It does cling
to any of my dry spots but it has a more satin finish. It will move so I have
to set it with powder. It reminds me of L’Oréal fresh wear.
Great product
What a mess! So disappointed two of them were broken
I have used this product in alteration with the matte one for years. It never
fails. Recently I'd been using a different brand that I also love, but living
in California for the recent months has been very hard on my skin. I've been
extremely dry and my foundation has been looking terrible. I decided to go back
to this one and it's been a great decision so far. I love the dewy look and
it's been helping my dry skin. I'm very pleased
I got shade #110 which is Porcelain so should be super light, right? It goes on
an orangey tan color. And it's not like I can order a lighter shade! I also
thought this was supposed to be a full coverage product but it's super sheer.
It doesn't apply smoothly to my face either. I honestly though this would be
the solution to my foundation woes but it's not going on my dry skin any better
than all the other foundations I've tried. And "dewy"? More like greasy. And
"smooth"? It probably goes on most people's skin smooth but on mine it just
breaks apart and looks like peely skin. Also, maybe I got a bad bottle but it
feels a little gritty...ewww. I tried to take a pic for you but my phone
wouldn't focus closely enough to show you what I'm talking about.
I love Maybelline fit me foundations and I've always used 102 in the matte
variety even though I have dry skin because I've never been able to find fair
porcelain in the dry skin kind. I was so excited to see this especially because
it has spf in it! It came in one day and the shade is perfect, however the
bottle was missing a chunk of glass which fell out of the bubble wrap it was in
and nearly cut me. So that was definitely disappointing. But I would probably
buy again just because this is the exact shade in the exact formula I've been
looking for
It looks so natural and goes on smooth. Love it. Will buy again.
this is a really great product. i got a small sample and tried it out. it went
on very smoothly and had a very natural finish. it's is also very light in
texture and therefore not noticeable once on the skin. it doesn't mask your
actual skin and it does give nice enough coverage (as long as you don't have a
need for a full-on mask).i think this product comes in 2 types. because the
sample i got was for a particular shade and that shade really fit me well, i
got the same type and shade when i made a purchase. the "dewy smooth" is nice
enough but those w combination skin should be aware that it does leave a truly
"dewy" finish, i.e. a bit of shine. if you like a really natural, unfinished
look, this is great.i have tried many brand names that cost 8-10 times the
price i paid (on amazon), and this product would stand up favorably against all
of them.
I love this foundation. My skin is just starting to get a bit dry. I have
gotten many compliments about my "glowing" skin since wearing this Apply
lightly gir a natural glow or it can appear heavy.
Love this drug store foundation and can’t find a better price than here on
Amaazon!
Great price! Great product!!
I love this foundation. I have dark spots and a skin disorder that causes hyper
pigmentation on my cheek and neck and without concealer this covered my problem
areas without any problems. It also give you a dewy glow and does not dry out
my already dry skin. Will be getting this again.
I will order this foundation again, however, I should have ordered a shade
lighter for my skin (not the company's fault by any means, just realized my
skin is more fair than the shade I ordered which I didn't know until I wore it
once). I would recommend it, but would recommend if you think you know your
skin tone, or base it on the color of other foundations you've used, you might
want to go a shade lighter for this brand.
Moisturizing, easy to spread. You can look great using a little or a lot. I use
a lighter color in winter and this next color darker in summer so my face and
my neck match!! You can wear it sheer or use more for more coverage. Good for
sensitive skin.
If you need a sheer water infused coverage to compliment your skin THIS IS THE
BEST ON THE MARKET! I really work hard on my skin and it shows - I dont do
fillers or botox and I constantly get complimented on my skin as "Glowing" when
I wear this foundation. You can achieve Glass Skin with this product. I love it
and own it in four shades
I have so many allergies & I think I found something I can use.
This is my go to foundation. It’s easier to spread with a kabuki brush then I
blend it in with a sponge. it’s inexpensive, for me it’s full coverage and
though my skin is oily, the matte never works for me though.
I'm a licensed cosmetologist and a make up artist. I worked for MAC for 3
years, and I have literally tried everything from Make Up Forever to Estee
Lauder to Lancôme. This is by far my most favorite EVER among high end and
drugstore brands.This foundation is perfect for my combination skin. Now that
I've hit my late 20's my skin has changed drastically. Before it was oily and
acne prone, now it's dry AND still acne prone to breakouts, especially with
most high coverage liquid foundations. It was impossible to find the balance
between coverage, moisturizing and not breaking out. This foundation has done
it for me. It's a buildable coverage that goes on like silk and matches my skin
perfectly. It covers all imperfections, including remaining acne blemishes. I
combine it with yellow under-eye concealer (more for brightening than coverage
since this does great on its own), and set it with Sephora MicroSmooth Mineral
Powder. I end up with a flawless, dewy complexion and NO breakouts! At this
price, you can do no wrong but to try it for yourself!
the "fit me" collection is probably one of, if not, THE best foundation you can
buy from a drug store brand! I have kind of temperamental skin, it will be
super oily one day and then super dry the next. so, on my dry days my face
tends to be pretty dry even after my thorough moisturizing routing /: so when
using the matte + poreless foundation it would just enhance pores and textures
(I am a man too so I had even more texture than my lady counterparts) and I
just thought that was just how makeup was gonna look on me for the dry days...
and then I found out how revitalizing dewy foundation is and I am ecstatic!
long lasting, moisturizing and just a steal of less than $10! get it!
I’m 43. Used with a blurring primer first and next time wore with a
moisturizer. Both times it didn’t look dewey. It felt dry on my face, looked
chalky in some areas and I felt like it clearly showed my pores. My skin is
very dry and aging, I thought this would be a good foundation but it’s just not
for my skin type. Maybe it will compliment those with a dewey skin type anyway,
but I have a lot of pores on my face and this just amplified them. Im not out
much money, and when I was a little younger this brand was great, but even with
a primer or moisturizer it didn’t look good. Next time I may use the tarte
Amazonian clay powder to set it as it usually can soften the skin a bit, and I
also blame myself too thinking I can take dry skin with tons of pores and make
it look Dewey somehow. Those miracles don’t happen lol
This foundation goes on smoothly and easily. Sheer coversge that will not cake
and does not emphasize lines. Leaves face moisturized and glowing. Tried many.
This my favorite. Delivery swift and price the best.
So glad to find the lightest shade , fair porcelain , here on Amazon . It's
about a shade darker than fair porcelain in the matte and poreless version but
still light enough for my super fair complection. I have normal to dry skin and
the dewy and smooth worked wonderful. It gave my skin a nice dewy look but not
greasy. I will say, if you have oily skin this might not work as well. I'm 46
and this didn't accentuate my fine lines. I'd say it has a medium coverage. I
applied this with my fingers or a beauty blender and both methods worked fine.
It's a thin liquidity foundation and doesn't feel heavy on the skin. This is
one of the best foundations I've ever tried . I paid $5.99. If you have pale
,maturing, normal to dry skin then you might really like this. Hope this review
helps.
I love this product so much! Makes your skin look beautiful!
I've tried several expensive products. I've been color matched at the cosmetic
counter and liked the product in the store , only to get home and find the
color is off, that its too thick, settles in my fine lines. This product , I
ordered out of desperation. I ran out of my good stuff . Feels light on my
skin. Just enough coverage but doesnt look like I am wearing foundation. The
dewey adds a nice , natural glow. I can't believe how affordable my new go- to
is. Try it !
Like the color and they way it is full coverage. Easy to put on
I never tried the dewy and smooth one and I absolutely loved it. I like the way
it’s looks and the way it goes on. I actually use a lot less that the matte and
pore-less one so this one is going to last longer. I love this foundation! If
you have mixed skin when sometimes it’s oily and sometimes it’s dry this is
perfect for you.
Looks ok
It does spread pretty good and cover your face good I've ordered this like
months ago and still have tons of it to use it's like I never opened it. A
little goes a long way
I have used Christian Dior or Estee Launder. This actually spreads better and
doesn’t break me out!
This foundation has a very pretty finish but I can't find a perfect shade for
my light-medium olive skintone. I bought this one for my summer shade and it's
very peachy, kind of orange.. I would not recommend this finish for anybody who
has scarring or blemishes. It was light to medium coverage at best for me and
it didn't build well with brushes or sponges. However, it has a very natural
look and doesn't smell bad or feel heavy on the skin.
My new favorite foundation. I have been using a foundation that caused the skin
on my nose to peel and crack while at the same time rubbing off within just a
few hours revealing the redness of my nose. Basically, it was disgusting.
Before trying this foundation I thought the cracking of my skin was just
because it is extremely dry but when I put this foundation on i realized that
it stayed put on my nose all day and I no longer have a peeling nose. When you
put this foundation on, it feels like there is nothing on your face and it is
very buildable. The only problem I have with this foundation is that my
eyeliner wears off way quicker and smudges on my undereye but that can be fixed
with a little powder which I don't do because of my dry skin. Love it.
What steered me to this product was not only the selection of colors, but the
price. I thought I would be 'settling' for a bad product, but low and behold,
it spreads great, and last all day. I am always changing my color because of
the difference between spring, summer, and winter. Now, I have found that many
retailers sell this line, so I don't have to get it in one place.
I am on my 3rd bottle of this and absolutely love it. This seller sent the
product as described, with no issues. I intially tried this foundation as an
alternative to the maybelline fit matte, pore-minimizing foundation. There is
definitely a color difference between the two with the matte one being lighter
than this one is. I was hesitant to try this product because I have combination
skin and I did not want oil to become prominant in all of the wrong places.
Although this foundation says "dewy", I find that it goes on smooth and
resembles a more natural look with good coverage (I still need concealer, but
minimal). The sunscreen is definitely a plus! For me, I have a 8 hour day at
school and the foundation holds strong without my face looking oily (as long as
I use powder on top of it).
A little dark as I'm usually pretty good at shade matching. Light to medium
coverage but it is buildable.
My skin is extraordinarily weird: I get really oily yet my skin is still flaky
and dehydrated. Almost everything I've tried has stuck to dry patches on my
skin making my skin look very bad. However, I tried this once it came and it
basically didn't stick to any dry patches and left my skin with a nice, smooth
finish. Overall, I like this product a lot! Quick tip: even if you have dry/
dehydrated skin you might want to put a bit of setting powder on your T-zone
just because this product is quite dewy.
Report abuse
I really love this! My skin is combination/dry and it works for me!
This is my holy grail truly ?
I've always been a fan of maybelline fit me, it's not a your typical drug store
foundation. It's not thick, nor too runny. And it doesn't look caked on when
applied to your skin. It's smooth and the smell isn't bad at all, it makes me
skin look so finished EVEN with my freckles. See, I could never wear foundation
because of my freckles. They just didn't collide well together when you have
faded freckles poking thru foundation. But maybellines fit me foundation, fits
me! My freckles are still clearly visible, yet my skin looks flawless. What
more could I ask for? And at this price? I love it! Thank you Amazon, I don't
even need to go to the drug store anymore! Btw packaging was perfect and kept
it safe from cracks or holes. Recommended 100%! I order shade 115 in ivory for
my light skin. I usually get 112, but they ran out so I settled with this and
it fit just as well!
So awesome, in general but especially at this cheap price point. I wasn't even
expecting much, I just looked up a few reviews and threw this in my cart to get
to $35. Most foundation brands, low and high end, don't carry shades light
enough for me. That was my first pleasant surprise, that the shade was actually
a good match. It has pretty good medium coverage and a really nice finish, and
doesn't do what so many more expensive foundations have done, which is create
dry patches on my skin. The only minor flaw is that even on my dry skin, after
a few hours, the glowy finish can start looking a bit oily, which is why I
don't think this would be a good foundation for oily skin types. I have skin
that's a bit acne prone too, and after using this for two months I can
confidently say it hasn't caused any breakouts either.
I had an issue with my concealer being patchy, and I thought replacing my 2
year old foundation might fix the problem, but it didn't. The foundation is
nice but still doesn't blend well with my concealer. Don't know if its the
foundation or the concealer causing the problem but I would definitely buy!
Make sure its the right shade though, I bought a bit too dark for me.
I used to purchase Avon Foundation in Chestnut. They discontinued it recently.
I searched high and low for the perfect foundation for my brown skin. Voila!!!
I came across this. I have it it warm coconut which blends perfectly with my
skin. It's very radiant and long lasting. People compliment me all all the time
on my natural looking foundation. This is my new favorite "go-to" foundation
and it's very inexpensive. I strongly recommend this brand. It goes on smooth
and very evenly.
I'm usually into high-end foundations ( Becca, Mac, Tarte) and I'd recently
bought one that was a shade too dark so I thought instead of dropping another
$40 on a second foundation to lighten it out why not buy a drugstore brand?
I've heard good things about this foundation and it's considered a dupe for
Mac's studio fix liquid foundation so I went ahead and purchased off here.
WHERE HAS THIS BEEN LL MY LIFE??? I have the worst case of oily skin and have
tried baking, mattifying primers, setting sprays, YOU NAME IT. I decided to try
it alone and my foundation has never looked so fresh and smooth for so long. I
work about 8-9 hours a day and this has lasted me the entire day without me
looking like I just did the most intense HIIT workout. And for the price buying
this would be a no-brainer.
I’m torn on if I like this foundation. It works ok but spreads really strange.
Kinda patchy. But it’s good coverage. Less dewy than I expected but you
obviously get what you pay for which is great. For anyone on a budget.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Tool dark.
I loved this and it was my favorite for months however after my kid sister
insisted I switch I did. And I really wish I hadn’t thrown it out because it
was a good foundation so I’m pissed at her for that. That being said the dewy
works for if you have dry skin to illuminate it. And distract from the patches.
So the positives first, the color matches my skin wonderfully and it is very
moisturizing. Now the negatives, it leaves your skin feeling sticky, like you
can feel the make up on your skin all day. And the smell, way too perfume for
me. Product is a little too sheer. More like a tinted moisturizer. All in all
for the price I will keep it and when my skin is super dry probably use it.
I have never found a foundation that actually worked, looked natural, and
didn't break me out. I have mature skin so it is a difficult thing to find one
that moisturizes but doesn't cause blemishes.This is it. It is amazing. I
absolutely positively and highly recommend this.
The product got here before the estimated arrival and it was in perfect
condition and everything. It obviously matches my skin tone and it is easy to
put on like look flawless.... for a while.... I have oily skin and I don't like
checking all the time if I am getting shinny anywhere on my face. I do have to
powder a lot more often than I usually do, but I can not stop using it. It is a
really good foundation and the finish is just amazing. I would rather keep
blotting my face than keep reapplying foundation over and over again. I would
buy this again and I would support other people to try this product as well. If
you have oily skin you just have to be more causious, but to be honest I mainly
get oily around my nose and my T zone is perfectly fine for a while.
I started wearing foundation for dance recitals. They were always too dark for
my ginger skin. I didn’t look like me. So as I grew up, I decided to never wear
it until there were options for people with skin as fair as mine. It took
decades, but that has finally occurred. This looks great on my skin and goes on
smoothly. It doesn’t oxidize on me. I may now commence with the happiest of
dances.
Excellent and good
I really like the foundation! My skin is really dry, and is easy to show spot
on my skin, but this product is not showing the dry spots. They are not that
good to cover thing up, but they can apply many time in my skin.
Arrived with a broken top, other than that product is great
Love this makeup. Sits well, doesn’t cake. Looks natural and moisturizing.
Love this! I am just starting out in the makeup world after turning 35. I have
little to no background or education in picking or applying makeup except for
what I see on YouTube. I tried another foundation product before this one, and
I hated it- it was very greasy and gave very little coverage. This foundation
is amazing! It is light, but does give full coverage. Very easy to spread with
fingers or makeup sponge as well. Lasts ALL day, and does not cake up or flake
off.
In general, I'm a fan of the Fit Me line-- there are 2 formulas, a ton of
colors to choose from, the price is reasonable, and I can buy it at the grocery
store. I have dry/combination skin, so I picked this up as an alternative to
the matte formula which can sometimes accentuate my dry patches. Unfortunately,
I still far prefer the matte formula to this. I found this difficult to blend,
even with a beauty blender. I bought the same shade as I would in the matte,
but upon application it oxidized to a weird orange-y tone in some places of my
face. It didn't settle into my skin throughout the day and looked/felt like it
was just sitting on top of my face. I wasn't happy with the coverage either and
didn't find this to be very buildable and gets cakey looking if you add more. I
haven't thrown this away yet, and occassionally come back to it, hoping for
better results every time I give it another chance, but end up disliking it
every time I wear it.
I've been having trouble finding a foundation that will work with how dry my
skin is so I decided to give this one a shot. First of all, this foundation
smells really good! The scent isn't very strong though; you won't smell it
while wearing it. I'm pretty pale and have pink undertones, so I ordered shade
115, per the recommendations of the shade guide on Maybelline's website, and
it's perfect. I used my Fenty Beauty sponge to apply and it went only evenly,
wasn't cakey, and made my skin look dewy but not too much. It also hid the dry
patches I have and didn't flake.However, this foundation is a bit runny and you
have to pour it out, so be careful!But as of right now I would definitely
purchase this again!
Better coverage than other products. moisturizes well. Needs to set on face and
dry before touching.
Light weight and easy to spread. Very watery so be careful applying it your
brush/sponge and face. It's sheerness brings out a natural shine for the
foundation. If you want a more non-matte look this is the way to go.
This foundation gives very good coverage and goes on feeling very smooth. It
was darker than I hoped (that's more Maybelline's fault for not making lighter
shades of this foundation for pink skin tones....) but it thankfully doesn't
oxidize. I like that it's not matte and I don't necessarily need to put on
highlighter to look like a normal face. It does get a little cakey and move
around, even with powder. It's especially bad under the nosepads of glasses.
However, it was pretty good at controlling oily parts of my face, even though
this is targeted towards dry skin.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I love this foundation and it's really good for the price. It's kind of my go-
to when I need foundation asap or don't wanna spend $25+ on foundation. It
honestly is just as good as some of the pricier options. It creates a dewy
look, as advertised. This is good when you have dry skin like me. Just add a
little powder with your T-zone and you're good to go or facial spray if you're
super dry. Also, did not break me out.
I bought the 225 medium buff and I'm surprised what a wonderful color match it
is! It gives a beautiful finish, very build-able and lightweight. What I love
about this is that since the color matches me so perfectly I don't have to wear
it all over my face. I use it only where I need it.One little regret I have is
that I should've gone for the Matte & Poreless line. The one I have is Dewey
and Smooth(cuz I have dry skin), I cannot complain, it looks beautiful but at a
closer look it does settle into my pores. I might have to use a primer. I'm
taking one star away for settling in my pores!
Amazing coverage but the transfer is horrible cute for pictures not for long
wear
I love this foundation! I have about 3 different shades. 332 334 & 310. At some
point due to the seasons changing my skin tone change. 334 is definitely my
summer color. 310 is the dewy finish which I like in the winter as well as the
332 matte.
Iv bought this several times. It helps keep my face moisturized. Goes on very
well with beauty blender. I do wish it lasted all day but I do love it.
Okay this stuff is awesome! Blends beautifully and looks great. You cannot beat
the price.
For the last 5 years or more, I’ve been using “high end” make products. Like
IT, Laura Gellar, etc. Obviously, pricey. I saw the pretty good reviews on this
foundation and I ordered the soft tan. When it arrived, it looked like it might
be too dark. But it was a perfect shade. I have blonde hair, blue eyes and
usually order medium. I wore this today for the first time and ran errands. It
went on great, looked great and, 8 hours later, still looks great. Maybe I will
picking up more drug store make-up!! :).
This makeup is SO lightweight and I feel it's medium coverage (which I prefer
so it looks like my skin but better). After watching countless reviews on
YouTube, I was able to find my perfect shade (240) during a time where you
can't get samples.I definitely look flawless and it doesn't make my skin oily
at all (I have combination skin).Recommended!
It is a very good product, it worked on my face
For years I used the matte and poreless version and it's a wonderful product
but my shade warm nude was never available in the matte selection so I
purchased the dewy version in the exact same color and I'm very happy I did! I
have dry skin and the matte version sometimes made my skin have dry patches
where my skin was dry but the dewy foundation hid all the dry patches on my
face and made me look radiant! I know everyone says this oxidize fast but I've
had no trouble with that. Very natural looking! This is now my go to
foundation!
Nice coverage. In question as to if it had been opened or a returned item. I am
use to products sealed and hard to remove pkg. This hd no seals on bottle or
inside cap.
Finally a makeup that doesn’t make me break out! My skin looks so dewy and
healthy when I wear this.
I have neutral undertone and this appeared extremely orange on me. There is no
guide for choosing shades based on undertone!
Good brand to purchase
I love it! It’s everything it is advertised to be.
Texture is creamy, devine. Medium coverage is so smooth. The best ever ...I may
have unlocked a key. Dab Pink Madison firming cream six - eight times around
lip, forehead, cheeks, and chin areas. Spread/ smoothe over skin (not massage)
with fingertips Have your cereal, fruit n coffee. Fifteen minutes later apply
this lusciously creamy foindation. Create a natural LITE even all over with a
brush or sponge if possible. Skip the areas of your face that do not need
medium cover. Hope this helps!! Reall, really happy with mine.
I hate makeup and have really bad skin. I have rosacea/acne. I bought this as a
last-ditch effort. I bought it in two different colors. It perfectly matched my
skin (their website had a tool to help me find the right shade with a selfie).
It doesn't feel like I'm wearing makeup. Seriously. I just apply it with my
fingers.
I would have given this 2 1/2 stars, I don't dislike it but I don't think I
have much use for it. Some pros: it is lightweight, not cakey, doesn't settle
into fine lines, but wore off after a couple hours. I don't mind doing a
concealer touch up but I don't like having to bring foundation with me to re-do
my foundation by lunchtime. It is a good color for very fair skin, and a good
neutral - neither too yellow or too pink. I would probably not buy again unless
I found a good makeup setting spray that made it stay on longer, then I would
give this another try since I like the feel of it.I will say though that if you
only need makeup very briefly - like for just taking a photo or quickly going
on an appointment you need to have some makeup on for an hour or two - this has
nice coverage and is not an obvious looking makeup as some foundations. For
this purpose, I think it is pretty useful.
This is a nice foundation that isn't heavy or a full coverage makeup. It gives
a nice natural look to skin and doesn't give that "too much makeup" look on
mature skin. It is easy to apply and blend. I really like this Maybelline New
York line and I want to try some powder if it's available. That would be nice
to set the makeup and to help with oily skin. A nice product.
I just cant sleep without leaving a perfect review for this Foundation, it is
the best and it matched perfectly with my skin color. I ordered the shade Pure
Beige actually it was fine but ta bit light for me and its not the products
fault at all because I am trying all the shades. Ive been using Sand and Beige
in other brand and I feel like lately I got darker and all the foundation ive
been using makes my face so light and doesnt match my neck and shoulders its
like cake, so I tried the Toffee!!! and its the best shade ive ever used,
everyone's telling me my face looks flawlessly tan, its so easy to apply and it
dry so quick. Really perfect for my dry skin. I SO LOVE IT SO MUCH...
It’s buildable so you can add more on if you need it. It’s not dry and cakes
like other foundations. However I hope amazon can carrying a wider range of
shades as it’s not my exact fit.
I love this product. It's great for people who are just starting out in make
up. The matte one is a bit lighter and has more shades but the dewy is perfect
for my skin. It's a light to medium coverage and buildable. It blends easy. I
always use this brand.
I like this product because you can find a shade nearly exact to your skin
tone, no matter what it is. Whether I am tan during the summer or pale in the
winter months, I can find a shade that works for me. I usually use the matte
version of this foundation, but I wanted that dewey glow that's popular right
now so I bought this one. I will say that the color is spot on perfect, but the
actual consistency of the foundation is very light coverage. It goes on well,
but I need to re-apply it at least once during the day to keep the same
coverage. Blends super well, though.
I got a sample of this in the mail and took a chance and tried it. I was amazed
at the coverage and figured it was just a fluke. But, I just had to order it
and see if the full size was just as good. When I saw how cheap this makeup
was, I almost didnt bother ordering it because how good could it really be for
this price of around $5.... all I can say is WOW! I have medium skin tone with
combination skin and my skin is picky so I guess it might be a little
sensitive. I only have to put a little of this and it covers my blemishes and
feels really light. For $5 everyone should try it!! I would suggest going to
the store first though, so you can see the color you should get. You really
cant tell online how a color is next to your skin.
I ordered this foundation after buying the bare minerals bare skin, and hating
it. I've only used this once and I did like it. I ordered color 220, but I
think I could have gone up a color. I also wish it had been a bit more dewy
than it appears. I'm having a very hard time finding that perfect dewy
foundation. This has very good coverage. And it doesn't feel heavy or greasy. I
should mention my complexion is really dry though. I have to say for about 6
dollars you really can't beat this foundation.
This product is smooth and dewy, but it's like 2 shades darker with warmer
undertones then the shade Classic Ivory 120 (for pore coverage) this is 120
Classic Ivory (dewy smooth). Idk, both nice but they'er not the same color.
The foundation itself is great, but there is a big difference between the same
shade in the two different formulas. I normally get the matte formula but
decided to try the dewy formula in my usual shade and it was way darker than it
should be. Unfortunately, I didn't notice until it was too late to return the
foundation. Luckily, it's not too expensive - which is a plus for this product.
Sooo less expensive than others and color is perfect match, I have medium skin,
it’s smooth and looks natural, not oily , easy to wash off.
I used this very inexpensive foundation one day. At the end of the day, my
hubby told me I looked pretty. What? I asked why. He doesn’t have the female
vocabulary to express it. But it turns out my makeup had lasted through the day
and still looked fresh after work. Okay, I’m 55 years old. I’ve used expensive
foundations. This $6 bottle of magic made my oblivious husband notice a
difference. Yes. I will continue using this amazing inexpensive makeup.
I like this foundation. Remember that if you have dry skin like I do, you'll
want to order the dewy and not the matte. I think that the only issue I have is
that by the end of the day I'm looking a little shiny. I do start off the day
with a bit of a glow from the product, but since I have dry skin, that's not a
bad thing. For the price, I would recommend trying this out. I enjoy it and
think that it's a good drugstore buy for sure.
Really like this foundation. Color was a great match. Coverage was ok but
buildable.
Peanut butter face
Super lightweight! Absolutely love this product!
It shows 4. We received 2 & they do not hold air overnight so it’s impossible
to plan the night before.
i have tried several well rated low priced liquid & creme foundations recently
and this one has produced as promised. The price is great & with my dry mature
skin the moisture is great while staying sheer. I finally found what i’ve been
looking for 🥰
It doesn't appear smooth on my skin. It looks dry.
i lovee this foundation it really feels and looks just like skin and like i
have nothing on my face. its more of a light medium coverage, i have freckles
and they still show through lightly AND FOR 5 DOLLARS ?!??! sound like a deal
to me
I have used this foundation before and was excited when it was cheaper as an
add-on item.That being said, I knew my shade prior to purchasing it. For
reference, the It is a pretty good dupe for the Smashbox 15hr Chestnut shade
4.3, colorwise.It does look natural and the same as when I first applied it
after about 9 hours. I did not use a mattifying primer. I did use the NYX matte
setting spray, but my nose was still oily 5 hours into wearing it. My T-Zone
still had some shine, but the rest of my face was O-K. It arrived undamaged in
bubble-wrap, true to how it looks in stores. It feels light, gives great
coverage, and looks good with my MAC Studio Fix powder on top.BEWARE, I
received the Dewy and Smooth finish. Not what I wanted, since I already
struggle with oily skin.It does say packaging may vary. I will, however, stick
with my Smashbox because this can come off very orangeish.
Unfortunately, this went to the wrong address and I had to send it back- but I
went and picked up the same product at target and it is amazing. Great budget-
friendly make up
Product doesn't match. Ordered 2 different colors for my pale skin and one is
too dark, the other is too light. Product wears off quickly especially when you
have to wear a mask all day. This is gross and annoying. I like both the dewy
and Matt look. This dewy product feels good on my dry, sensitive skin.
It’s really good and this is not my first time I buy this. Love it and will
order more for sure
I LOVE this foundation, it is my go-to and I have never found one I liked so
much. Light to medium coverage, definitely dewy. It is so blendable and melts
into skin, looks very natural and skin like compared to other foundations. Some
cons are that it has trouble drying down, use a setting powder! If you are
super oily beware! I have dry/normal skin and this works for me. It also
doesn’t last forever but that doesn’t bother me, it tends to slowly go away but
doesn’t leave creases or blotches.
Great foundation especially for the price. I got the Golden beige shade. I
wasn’t expecting much for the price but I was pleasantly surprised. Goes on
easily and I love the dewy finish.
I’m 59 with normal to dry skin. This product is great. Doesn’t sink into
wrinkles. I will stop buying the costly foundation. You can get great results
without spending a load of cash. I’m trading in my $30 tube of foundation for
Maybelline NY Fit Me Dewy and Smooth. It leaves my skin feeling refreshed,
light, not heavy feeling all the while giving great coverage. The first time I
used it my husband just kept staring at me. He said you look amazing today!
It goes on really easy and it has full coverage. It looks pretty smooth, and
with the right primer, it’s not too cakey. I have super sensitive skin but this
doesn’t have any affect on it. It’s a perfect color too!
It looks ok, but I STILL have to mix it with moisturizer so that my skin
doesn't dry out. Hence the 1 star deduction. Once applied, however, it
definitely makes my skin look flawless (I also use a pore reducing primer). It
lasts all day and it looks natural on me. You can barely tell I have it
on.Overall, I absolutely love it. Despite needing moisturizer added in, I love
the results. A little bit goes a LONG way.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
I’ve been wearing this base for 6 years now. I love it! It is light weight but
it can be layered. It is the only one that has worked in my very dry skin.
i guess i am too pale for the stores around me, so i was excited to find my
shade here bc i love this product!!! it was also $3 cheaper than i can usually
find it
Been using this since forever. The color matches perfectly.
I usually use the olay & Cover girl, Buff beige. I ended up getting the Ivory
120. The color is a tint lighter than my normal shade. It goes on smooth but,I
wish it had a dispenser. You have to dump it out:( The price was good so I will
probably keep it. I have dry skin and this does give me a dewy finish. Overall,
I would have rated 5 stars if it had a pump on it.
Shade 118 Used a poreless primer and this stuff literally staid all day super
smoothShade 105 swatch appears true warm undertone but in reality it’s a cool
tone very disappointed I was truly hoping it was as described but oh well it’s
alwat a struggle with foundation
I love this product. I have lived most my life (I'm 34) wearing minimal makeup
(usually a lil eye liner & mascara), but as I get older I feel like I need a
lil something to cover a few little wrinkles (yikes!). Anyway, after a long
strew of buying incorrect colors, but trying to make it work anyway, I came
across this on their site. It had a test to see what is best for you. It was so
dead on, I was so surprised. Others had tests, but didn't work. This feels like
you have no makeup on, and doesn't look cakey or anything - just that you have
smooth, unblemished skin!I usually don't write reviews, but felt I should
seeing that I bought this based off reviews :)
Give it a 4 star because one flaw witch is DONT close all the way
This is my new holy grail foundation!!! I have really dry skin so the dewy
finish and moisturizing formula are great for my skin type. It also feels very
light while covering redness and blemishes.
I love this foundation! My skin is super dry and this foundation makes my skin
so dewy ! The finish is so beautiful. If you have dry skin you should try it!
I have skin that gets oily fast but mattifying foundation doesn't look good on
me. Matte ones emphasize my dry spots and my blemishes. I now prefer natural
looking light to medium coverage foundation and then i spot conceal blemishes.
This has become my favorite. It gives me a natural looking medium coverage. I
love it so much and the price is awesome here. Try it even if u have oily acne
prone skin like me! Just set it with powder.
It looked cheap on my skin and quickly oxidizes to a trump like orange.
Product is extremely dark….should be called Dark Tan!
I have really light skin and often find it really hard to get makeup that
works/fits my skin. This foundation provides pretty good coverage, and is
lightweight. Also, you don't need to use very much of it at all which is nice.
I use Dr. Jart + BB cream, then this foundation, and I cover it with Bare
Minerals Matte powder, and this combination works really nicely on my skin.
Like I said, I am really pale, so this is the closest thing I've found to my
skin tone (it is not as white as I'd like but it does the job). I will probably
buy another bottle when I'm through with this one. Maybelline products are
generally always a good buy.
I'm shocked at how great this foundation is for a little I paid. I was in need
of something with good coverage and stay power and this was perfect, and what
makes it even better is it doesn't break the bank! If you haven't tried Fit Me
then I would highly suggest you do. My skin type is normal to dry ( especially
dry in the winter) so I purchased the "dewy" and I'm in love! My skin breathe,
and it doesn't leave my skin thick and sticky feeling either! It blends out
nicely, has great coverage and lasts me all day long! I will be buying this
foundation again! I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking for good
quality, coverage, and affordable foundation.
I like how well this foundation matched my skin! I'm very pale and a lot of
foundations are too dark for my skin tone. It also spreads very easily with a
makeup sponge
This is such a good foundation and an exact match..!!! What can I ask for more?
And its only 5 bucks. This doesn’t cake on face. Applies beautifully.
I am not crazy about liquid foundation but I am a fan of Maybellines concealers
so I decided to give it a try. The color was perfect color for my fair skin.
It's a thinner foundation so its not heavy feeling on my face. It blends very
smoothly and evenly. Considering I am not a fan of liquid I do like this one. I
normally wear the Maybelline Dream Matte Mousse Foundation, and I definitely
still prefer it over the Fit me but if you like liquid foundations I would
definitely recommend this!
I rarely wear foundation, but I do, I wear this. It is darker than my skin, but
it blends evenly and I like the final look. I don't like to apply this with my
fingers, and I refuse to use sponges or brushes, so I no longer wear this. It'd
have to be a very special occasion for me to wear makeup nowadays. For now, I
only wear bb cream, and even that's not daily.You will need a setting powder
and/or spray with this product. I always felt particularly slick with it.
One of my favorite goto's for foundation. My skin looks beautiful when I wear
it. Will definitely purchase again.
This product is absolutely amazing. I've spent quite a pretty penny looking for
the right foundation and this one is THE one. I love that there are so many
different tones and finishes to choose from, which is convenient to make an
easy switch depending on the season. I've purchased this product many times and
have no plans to stop.
It works well but didn't last longer on my skin
I ALWAYS USE NYX DROP FOUNDATION IN SHADE BUFF, IT MAKES MY SKIN LOOK AMAZING
BUT IT GETS DRY .. I WAS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING MORE MOISTURIZING & THIS
FOUNDATION IS DEFINITELY THAT!HOWEVER: IT DOES NOT BLEND GREAT [ I TRYED MY NYX
FOUNDATION BRUSH AND A BEAUTY BLENDER ] LEAVES MY SKIN OILY & YUCKY.... I JUST
FELT STICKY AND GROSS AFTER PUTTING THIS ON.POWDER DID NOT EVEN HELP!SO IF YOUR
LOOKING FOR MOISTURIZING THEN YES IT DOES THE TRICK.BUT FOR BEAUTY REASULTS
NOPEEEE!COMFORTABLE? NOPEEEEEEE!
Use the tool on Maybelline's website to find out which shade you need, then buy
it here on Amazon for a great price. Wasn't a foundation wearer til I tried
this product!
This same product cost me $2 more at my.local drugstore...I also bought this as
an add on so it was a bit cheaper.Nothing wrong with the coverage, stays all
day as long as you're not sweating:-)This said Ivory but it was a bit on the
pink side...for me, i prefer less pink tone as I'm quite fair skinnedBut I'm
very happy with the price and coverage
This is such a good product, I really loved it. It looks great on my skin and
looks very dewy. Would recommend to anyone looking for that inner glow look. No
complaints really, I love how it looks on the skin
I really like this product but the thing is that it wasn't what I thought. See,
I was searching through the Maybelline liquid foundations and there were two
kinds of this FitMe! Foundation. There was the dewy kind and the matte kind. I
passed on the dewy because I'm trying to avoid a wet looking face, and chose
this one assuming it was matte. But I was wrong. It's dewy. So that kind of
caught me off guard, but actually when I tried it on it wasn't so bad.
Especially after I brushed on some of the FitMe! Matte powder. So it all turned
out great! The color was exactly as expected and matches my skin tone
perfectly. So it was a lovely surprise.
I love this foundation because of the price but it also works great for my dry
skin. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because it really needs to come
with a pump component. I don't use a lot of foundation at once so opening and
closing the bottle numerous times allows for the product to oxidize and change
colors over time. I know a pump would up the cost a bit but it would be worth
it. Other than that, its a good product.
I've been using this type of foundation for years and been happy with it. The
colour is a little different, but I'm not sure what is at fault. By this, I
mean that I use this, and then put a Maybelline Fit powder on top. My powder is
120, and the liquid is 115, but when I put the powder on it lightens everything
up. Either the liquid is darker or the powder is lighter.
This is an awesome product for the price. I’d buy again and again.
I purchased this after researching "The best foundation" on the internet.
Despite this being a tad darker than I wanted, I mixed it with the foundation
color one step lighter, which was purchased first and was too light for me. I
wish there was a better way of buying exactly the right shade the first time.
That aside. I love the feel of this foundation. I think it holds up during the
day quite well. It also has a nice fragrance.
It is amazing! I honestly love this stuff! It doesn’t sit on top of my skin
like other products have. It blends in and is perfect for everyday use.
I cant seem to find the right shade with this but I love how it looks and feels
on my skin.
Great product! I have spent up to $30- $50 in the past trying to find a
foundation that doesn't make my face look dry, cakey, or that doesn't settle
into the wrinkles in my face only to be sorely disappointed. I was still
sceptical even after reading all of the great reviews but for the price I
figured it was worth a try. I LOVE THIS PRODUCT! So glad I gave it a try!
This is my favorite liquid foundation! I had never used it until I purchased on
here! I was pleasantly surprised with how well it matched my skin color
especially since I wasn't able to see it in person before buying. I used the
match me finder on Maybelline to find my color. I like that this foundation has
SPF in it to help protect my skin from the sun, so I don't have to worry about
applying any sunscreen before or after applying my foundation. This foundation
has offered me great coverage & it lasts all day, even in the heat whenever
sweating happens! I will be purchasing more of this foundation for sure, it is
by far my favorite!
Not the true match. I took the test to match but I still feel it doesn't quite
match. I do like that it's light and easy to apply.
Moisturize before using!! It's amazing and for fair skin so if your pale this
is it! You can build up coverage cause the first layer is a sheer finish.
Throughout the day my face gets dewy but at first putting it on its almost like
a powder foundation, which i recommended as well. The consistency is runny
would work better with a pump, but you can't beat that price!
I'm thrilled with this foundation, matches my skin color so well. It's not to
heavy and is easy to spread. Will definitely repurchase.
I have extremely fair skin, and the “fair porcelain” is perfect for me.
Lightweight, average scent (nothing too overpowering), and no caked on feeling.
Worth it for the price!
I've been using this foundation for a couple years now. I got it because it was
recommended as a cheaper dupe for the Nars foundation. It comes very close to
the Nars foundation and has the added benefit of a sunscreen. I buy Dewy
because it helps hide my wrinkles better and add moisture to the dry areas on
my face, but I've used the matt poreless and it's really good, as well. If you
like liquid foundation, and you find a close enough color match, you will
really like this product. It truly covers well and makes me look younger
without feeling heavy or greasy.
It is so easy to apply and is very long lasting. Will definitely buy again. At
first I thought this toffee 330 (Dewy smooth) would be too light for me but it
was a great match. I also use 335 classic tan on occasion. I do not mix, they
both fit me really well individually.
This is the best foundation ever. It’s clean, sheer, flawless and looks so
natural. I have wasted $$$ on expensive foundations and I’m sticking to this!
Really like how this makes my skin look.Pros:It's lighter coverage than other
foundations I've used, but it also looks and feels nicer - less cakey and my
face doesn't feel like it's sealed under a heavy foundation.Skin really does
look smooth, soft, and brightGood summertime foundationA little bit goes a long
wayCons:I have some redness to my skin, and it doesn't necessarily cover that
up like other heavier foundations.It is rather liquid-y so you have to use
caution with using too muchBecause of consistency, I don't love applying it
with a sponge, feels like more of the product gets wasted
This color is too dark to be porcelain
not the coverage I expected.
I really do like this foundation but it's not as full coverage as I would like
but it's still great and makes my skin feel good too
Good quality. Fast shipping. Thanks.
Medium coverage, easy to apply. I like the price and don't think it's necessary
to pay department store prices for foundation. The only thing I splurge on is
Chanel loose face powder. Worth every dime.
I really like this product. Yes, when you first apply it, it looks very greasy,
but it fades as it sinks into your skin and if you apply powder on it. I have
pretty dry skin so that is probably why, do I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
with oily skin. But the colors don't go super fair and 115 Ivory looks pretty
yellow and tan on me. I probably just got the wrong shade though...
Easy to spread but not good enough.
overall very easy to spread gives me a natural look And it for sure will
acheive you the look you want no matter if you wanna go natural or full on
caked up hope this helps :)!!<3
Love. It def leaves face dewy and hydrated. Can be a bit sheet but it’s
buildable. It does transfer, and doesn’t last as long but no biggie.
I bought this to use for summertime. I use a lighter shade in the winter and it
blends well. It covers well too.
I'm used to using Matte products, so using this new foundation has been
different. But it does last and is easy to spread I just wish the color didn't
rub into my skin as much. It would be nice if it actually gave me a fuller coat
on my skin.
Much darker than the shade
I have really fair skin, I don't tan but burn and my main issue is neutralizing
redness. I have tried a bunch of brands in their lightest shade and they all
look orangey on me. This was no exception, a bit less than others but still has
a peach tinge to it. I purchased this with high hopes because my usual is hard
to find, I need to order from China and it takes a while. For reference and
maybe to help someone with the same issue, my go-to product is Laikou nursing
effects protector in the pink shade. If more redness needs to be neutralized
mix the pink and the green shade and it's the best for the fairest of the fair.
It was opened by someone. Too lazy to return
I absolutely love this product! It gives my skin a "glow" and not a matte look.
I get more compliments on my complexion when I wear this cover-up. Sidenote, I
have normal to dry skin.
I don’t feel like I’m THAT white but 110 is way to orange. Fair porcelain ended
up matching way better after trying four different ones!! But I do love this
foundation.
Very nice
It's oily, first of all, and too much of a watery texture that it covers very
poorly; it does even out the skin tone at the beginning, but it fades very
fast. The worst thing of all is how the color gets so terrible throughout the
day. I'm an Asian with normal Asian skin tone, so I chose the shade nude beige,
since it matches my skin tone so well, or at least it seemed to. When it was
first applied it seems to blend in very well, it doesn't really cover anything
though, and with a feeling that all my pores are blocked and my skin can't
breathe. Anyways, just about 3 or 4 hours later, when I look in the mirror, I
see a red to brown face with patches of uneven color. That is horrible! Not
only was it darker than my original skin tone, but it also gets my face all
that redness and unevenness as if I got a bad tan. It might be the SPF
ingredients that caused so, but this is a foundation product, people expect to
get a stable coverage from it. And then it's oily, too oily as for such low
SPF. It doesn't stay on well either, when I try to blot the oil on my nose and
forehead, it would be taken off just like that, leaving my nose red! So then I
have to apply some other foundation powder product. This is a pretty
inexpensive drugstore foundation after all, but really, it's not worth it.
good light coverage
The color was off....The product was open...Extremely oily... For the 1st time
in years I receive a purchase from Amazon that I am skeptical to use and does
not live up to my expectations.
I wanted to like it. I suppose it’s okay s long as I don’t put it anywhere near
my under eye area. I am 46 and it immediately settles into fine lines under my
eyes.
It’s ok.
I normally use a light beige but this one was more like ivory to me. It felt
greasy and was too shiny. I have combination skin so maybe better for dry skin.
I also didn't like how it pours out, no pump dispenser.
40 year old skin here. I don’t like foundation, but decided to try this since
it’s moisturizing and has added SPF. I’m very impressed, doesn’t cake or fall
into lines. Sheer, but evens tone. I like it. And the price can’t be beat.
I have dry skin, and though this was super moisturizing, my skin still became
dry after using. It was easy to spread, whether using your fingers or a sponge,
and it lasted from morning to night. If you have extra dry skin, you probably
should use a strong moisturizer before applying foundation. Will buy again
Always been a favorite
I always have a problem with my skin drying out even more when I put on
foundation but this one is very moisturizing. Love this product and the price
is a plus!
I like it thanks
Very good wear-everywhere product. Not too thick but still provides coverage.
You can even layer for fuller coverage and it doesn't look "cakey" or feel
heavy. I have combination skin and this is perfect for it. I don't need to
moisturize before and it doesn't patch up either. I love it! I've always been
hesitant to try different foundations and makeup brands but I really liked this
one. I also haven't had any skin reactions or break outs from it and I have
very sensitive skin. Just make sure you get the right shade so it works well. I
would definitely buy again!
This is a decent lightweight coverage foundation. Leaves you feeling dewey and
moisturized. One down side is that it does seem to oxidize a bit more than
others I've used. So I would suggest maybe a shade lighter.
Goes on smooth, wears extremely lightweight and has a dewy finish as promised.
I've found the best way to apply this foundation is with a beauty blender. Love
Maybelline for this foundation.I purchased the dewy and matte finish in 360
Mocha and attached pictures showing the difference in colors and finishes. The
color is pretty much dead on, I just noticed that the dewy formula has a more
warn undertone to it while the matte finish has more of a cool undertone to it
if that makes sense. All in all, I love both formulas. I also showed the swatch
when first applied and then once it dried.Dewy Finish: On LeftMatte Finish: On
Right
I have sensitive skin and this is the only foundation I will use. I apply with
a kabuki and blend with a sponge when needed. I have blonde hair and a fair
complexion and always found it hard to find a durable foundation that didn't
break me out, dry out my skin or tint me too orange until I tried this! I
highly recommend it. This 210 shade is a good color for me all year, I don't
have to change shades even when I get a base tan in the summer. It holds up
well all day, looks smooth and natural.
One of my favorites that doesn't make me break out
This was great price more than half of what I pay in the store.
This foundation looked horrible on my skin, it clung to dry spots and didn't
spread evenly with my beauty blender. It creased as well settling into my
lines.
I loved this shade. It is very skin color looking. When I use it people didn’t
recognize I’m wearing foundation. Many compliments me saying “nice skin”. It is
not dry . It is perfect for skin like mine which I have normal . This doesn’t
look dry when you wear them. It gives you perfect shiny glowy look. Loved it.
Ready for buying 1 more. My friends are also loving it and how it responded on
their skins and they wanted to buy as well.
My new favorite go to foundation! This foundation is the perfect weight and
texture! Not too think and not too sheer with just the perfect amount of
dewyness. I have normal to dry skin, use a primer underneath and am 37 years
old. I have zero issues with this foundation sinking into fine lines and have
found the slight sheen to actually gloss over any tiny wrinkles and make them
seem to disappear. I have had a really hard time finding a foundation that
didn't dry my skin out or make it flake until this foundation. Love it!!!
Love this make up; price is right and has the right shade I need. I always get
compliment on my make up when I wear it.
I am completely blown away at how great this inexpensive foundation is! I am 53
and my skin is a little dry and aging. This foundation spread so easily and
gives my skin a dewy finish, without looking like I have makeup on. This is
even better than a foundation I purchased at the cosmetic counter for over $50!
Definitely recommend!
Nice coverage, feels light, soft, moist and creamy. The best, lightest, non-
drying foundation I've ever used. My 51y.o. skin had been changing and my old
foundation started sitting in the fine lines of my eyes and mouth. This one
does not! I've been told I look "glowy"! What a lovely compliment that is! It
seems to be the perfect foundation for dry or aging skin. It not very pricy at
all and comes in a decent array of colors. It's worth trying it for the price.
comes off with the slightest bit of water, arrives open already and spilling
out all over the place. pretty sure this is a used product so be wary. color is
off, feels dry. overall just nasty
This is my absolute favorite foundation. I have dry skin and this goes on
smoothly. It isn't too heavy and it has never broken me out. It just looks
beautiful on my skin. I'll never buy anything else. I hope they never
discontinue it!
If you are like me , you do not want to enter any drug store, walmart, or
anywhere else you may buy your makeup. I know its like rolling the dice buying
makeup online, but you can't go wrong when you go Maybelline on Amazon. Perfect
color match every time!
Good fondation, during long time
This, truly, is a favorite for me. I have used this for a long time. I like the
lightness of it allbecause it don't feel heavy thick. It just feels natural and
doesn't leave your face feeling dry!
Great coverage and easy to apply. I wish it was in a tube instead of the glass
bottle.
I wish it had a wand or pump. The color is perfect just very messy because you
have to pour it out.
I usually wear the matte 110 porcelain version of this. However, I ordered
without knowing it's the dewy version. I feel the dewy version is very orange.
The matte has more of a yellow tone. I find orange patches on my face when it
oxidizes too. Why does the matte one match my skin flawlessly and this one is
considerably darker?? If you are super pale like I am, I would highly suggest
the matte version. But it does offer the same coverage. I use a setting powder
on it which makes it matte rather than dewy, because my skin feels greasy with
this foundation. That's more of a personal preference though. I will likely use
this more in the summer, when I have a little bit of color in my skin.
I love the product its self. The only thing I'm upset about is the fact that
the packaging was bad and most of my product had already spilled out by the
time it was delivered to me.
This product was as I expected and it was the right color for me. Sometimes its
hard to buy ones online and your not sure which to get because your afraid if
it may be dark or to light. This was just right and I really like how it makes
it look like its natural. I like that this gives natural coverage that leaves
the skin fresh, breathing, and natural effect on your skin. This doesn't leave
that oily feeling and it feels more natural and makes your skin look beautiful.
Its really hard to find ones that make you look like you have that natural look
and feeling.
The first foundation I've found that doesnt pill or flake on my face! I have
really dry skin, and large pores. This, over my water-based moisturizer and
e.l.f. poreless putty primer, easily goes on, smooths out, and lasted all day.
I didnt even need a setting powder over it. Its light, and just looks like my
natural skin.
No safety seal
I've been using the Matte + Poreless foundation in 110 Porcelain, but wanted to
try the Dewy + Smooth also. As you can see from the photo, the Dewy 110 is a
good 2 shades darker than the Matte 110. The consistency is very nice. I'll
keep it for my neck and in case I get a tan
I love this foundation! This product is such a great buy for the price and if
you know how to use makeup, there is little difference between drug store and
high end makeup. For foundation especially.Besides that, this blends so
perfectly and goes on smooth. The only issue I have is the way the bottle is
designed. This makes it hard to get product onto a sponge and ultimately makes
my makeup routine take a bit longer.
I liked the coverage and how smooth it went on
Price was right but no way to tell what color you need. Description needs
improved - i purchased three colors bc i didn’t know what color i needed.
This is a Light-Medium coverage, great for dry skin and applies on easy. The
only downside is it’s not as long lasting, otherwise great buy!
It’s just skin fitting no matter it’s summer or winter :) I have been using
this now a little over 3 years! It’s super buildable too
I’ve never tried Fit Me before and honestly it is an amazing foundation.. I
purchased these to put in my kit for my clients
I have tried so many upscale foundation brands: Armani, Lorac, MAC, iT,
Clinique, Clarins and though Armani was it for awhile, I have never gotten
compliments the way I have since I started wearing this foundation 2 weeks ago.
So many people including a cosmetologist told me how beautiful my skin looks,
how pretty and fresh I look and I'm past 50!! I use this all over with a bit of
matte+poreless on my T zone and my skin looks almost flawless
Formula is good. Applied it by hand the first time and it looked like the wrong
shade. May have to use a sponge to even that out but feels soft and goes on
smooth and seamlessly
Love this foundation. Perfect colour for my pale, pale skin and no irritation
on my overly sensitive skin. It is truly amazing that none of the other, much
more expensive foundations have worked as well. In fact, so many of them
irritated my eyes and looked so orange on my skin, that I really didn't hold
out much hope for this one. Sadly, the ones that had worked so well in the past
had been discontinued. I hope this one stays around for a while, but I'm
stocking up just in case it doesn't. Thanks for asking for my review.
I like this as much as the matte one. This spreads better and does give a dewy
look. So.etimes I mix the 2.
I love this foundation, just warning the color i bought looked wayy darker in
person then in pics..so maybe order a shade lighter then it looks
I am very fair skinned, have worn all Maybelline foundations in classic ivory,
including this line. This was more of a Sandy Beige. Gave it to my niece who
has an olive complexion. Worked perfect for her.
The product came shattered and there is no refund policy just return and I
can’t return shattered glass.
Little to no coverage! Also, unless you have extremely dry skin this will be
too oily for you! Even with setting powder I could not not keep this product
from slipping off of my face!
This is the perfect product and goes great with my skin, but as the day goes on
it gets darker. I only use it on the areas where I'll bronze over because I
love the finish but I need a different one for my T zone and highlighting
areas. Might look into getting a super light one for those areas and hope it
doesn't get too dark by the end of my work day.
Very nice coverage, easy to apply and a great price!
the product has a yellow color too it but it looks exactly as it is in the
picture from the bottle. I wear it all day and it doesn't seem too rub off and
that is quite impressive considering i play volleyball for and hour and a half
and do track but it does seem to blend pretty easily. The reason i only gave it
five stars was because it is more of a yellow color not a tan color but it goes
a very long way.
This foundation is very sheer doesn't give full coverage.
Thanks it’s amazing
I received the one with spf in it,but that's not what's advertised here. Don't
care for this foundation, nonetheless. I don't get the dewy look I was going
for.
It seems to rub off under the COVID-19 masks I use during the day. So, I take
my little Maybelline bottle with me and reapply if needed when I take the mask
off to eat when I'm out and about.
My favorite drugstore foundation. I didn’t care for the matte one but the dewy
finish one is great. It doesn’t necessarily hold up as long as I would like but
it’s still my fave
This is a great choice for dry skin. Many foundation's make my dry patches
stand out, which is an obvious giveaway that I'm wearing foundation. This made
my skin feel hydrated. It blends fairly easily, and I was able to build up the
parts of my face that needed fuller coverage. The consistency is very liquidy.
The smell is faint, but I would decribe it as smelling like sunscreen and baby
powder. Product loses one star because it contains butylparaben and
ethylparaben.
I'm a makeup artist. I used this on a well-known actress who was filming a
movie locally. Her look required a very natural appearance and this foundation
was perfect.
This is another great Maybelline product and even though I purchased it online,
it was easy to guess which would be right for my skin color. If you've
purchased from them before, they tend to have the same color lines that cross
over. I have used this product prior and knew what to expect. I like to wear
this in the summer time because it is lightweight and doesn't feel so "cakey"
with the coverage. It has a moderate amount of coverage and I think works well
if you use a power finish to go over it.
Pleasantly surprised that the lightest shade actually goes with my skin tone. I
am fair skinned with freckles and this is buildable coverage - with a
foundation brush you can build the coverage to conceal freckles, age spots,
etc. The formula I received also minimizes pore appearance so it gives a
smooth, matte finish. I actually forgot to put on setting powder the first time
I used it because the appearance was so finished. I like this foundation a lot
because having acne scarring and freckles, I want something that has buildable
coverage but doesn't look fake. This has a very smooth nice appearance to it,
and feels very silky going on.
This is a medium coverage foundation that works wonderfully. I have very
sensitive skin that breaks out easily. I would say this foundation has an 8
hour wear before you need to add another application. The application can be
messy because the foundation is generally very runny and if the bottle is
knocked over it will instantly spill out. My advice for application would be to
use a good foundation primer, brush, setting powder with a beauty blender and
you'll have a flawless application. In this picture I've used the maybelline
fit me concealer too.
I love the matte poreless Fit Me foundation. It's the best foundation I've
used. It is probably the only one I've ever used that I don't have to mix 2
colors together or have a funky foundation line. I love that it's inexpensive
too. The only other foundation that was this good was $25 and was discontinued.
I haven't even been tempted in the last 2 years to try another foundation. Word
of caution when buying as an add on item, you may get the dewy foundation
instead of the matte. So be careful when buying online.
So this foundation is comparable to the Smashbox hydrating foundation but at a
much lower cost. I do love the smashbox foundation but I can't spend $36 on it
anymore. This foundation is hydrating, light weight and the coverage is pretty
good. It doesn't cling to all my dry patches like other foundations.
Separates and was the wrong color but the separation may be due to something
other than this product. I pick the second to lightest shade and it is
literally dark orange
I was so excited to try this product and then it arrived… My product came
UNSEALED and lid of the foundation almost fell off in the package!! I also
researched the batch number and it was from April 2021!! Very disappointed.
Please read other reviews and save your money!
Great foundation but package was damaged
Excellent color and texture- perfect fit. One of the best drug store buys out
there.
I have used this for several years.
Absolutely love it!!! I really didn't expect it to be so good for the price
point!! It's very dewy and moisturizing!
I usually prefer Cover Girl because it agrees with my skin sensitivity more,
but amazingly this product is not irritating at all and the color, which has a
bit of a yellow tint, blends and matches my skin tone perfectly. It’s thin, not
thick at all and seems to last the whole day.
This is my go to foundation. I typically keep 2 shades for when the season
changes because it’s good for daily wear. Not Amazing as far as being blendable
but it gets the job done and looks nice. Doesn’t clog my pores like some
foundations do
I wasn't a fan of this foundation. For the price I figured it was worth a shot
and it was. The color worked well for me but instead of feeling dewy and smooth
it just felt watered down and hard to get coverage. I have dry skin so that I
like having moisturizing in my foundation but this one, unfortunately, was just
not for me.
I am in love with this product never used foundation before and for only $6 you
can not beat it this color matches my skin perfectly and blends so well I love
this product I will definitely buy again and easy to use aswell for beginners
She says that it covers well, is easy to use, and lasts quite a while. The
price is very reasonable.
I think everyone who uses Fit me says the same but it really is awesome. This
is my 4th or 5th foundation and I am not using any other since I caught hold of
this one. All you need to do is get the right shade for yourself. It took me a
while to hit my shade. 240 is my perfect shade. Love this foundation to the
core. A natural finish just the way I want.
I really liked the coverage this product was able to give. I gave it a 4 star
only because I'm afraid of all the chemicals used in this product. I researched
about it after buying the product. On EWG reviews, this product was a 6/10 (10
being super dangerous). I ended up buying a natural organic foundation
recently. It makes me happy. But overall, if you don't mind the chemicals, this
foundation is TRULEY the best drugstore foundation I've ever used. I chose the
color simply by looking a reviews on YouTube and blogs, and it a tad lighter
but I can still use it.
If you're looking for a sheer foundation with sunblock this is lovely
moisturizing goes on great but it will not cover red spots brown spots age
spots any kind of spots at all freckles forget it it's not going to cover
anything.
The smaller than my index finger simply really don’t buy make up off of Amazon
they’ll rip you off on it And it looks like it’s already been used and there’s
no seal to her or anything
I love this makeup. It works perfect for me and my skin. I would have loved to
give this place a five star. But, make-up explored in the box it came in. I can
still use what is left in bottle. But man oh man when this gets hot it goes
everywhere. Hahah
darker than my skin tone
I’ve never tried expensive foundation, so I can’t compare. This is my favorite
of all time. It’s like a combination of foundation and powder. Not watery. Not
oily. Just feels smooth and nice on the skin. It provided good coverage of
imperfections and smoothed out with a damp finger or sponge.
It seems to spread and cover well. Although it made my skin look dry.
I love fit me that’s the only make up The price is so cheap and good I’ll buy
all my make up again here and love the products would highly recommend it
Product not good for all skin types. I put on very thin layer of foundation. I
had an allergic reaction after just 1 usage.
I buy both designer and high end makeup and foundation. This one is a staple in
my make-up bag! I have dry skin and like the dewy formula versus the matte,
especially during Fall and Winter. Love the SPF in this as well. Blends easily,
I use my fingers. Never looks caked on, looks my skin but better.
This made my skin more oily than it actually is.
Best drugstore foundation I've used. I usually get the matte version, but the
regular kind doesn't hurt to have on hand as well for drier days, and you can
just dust powder on for a less "moist" look. Especially with the matte stuff,
make sure you put on some primer/moisturizer first to help minimize your pores.
It is full coverage and now I just use it over a CC cream to perfect my T-zone.
I really enjoy applying this foundation on my face. It is true to the label it
does leave my face dewy and smooth
Unfortunately this product did not work for me. It has low coverage and only
lasted 3 hours on me. It did not cover the redness on my cheeks and my chin. I
tried adding more in those areas but it did not work. It made my skin look
blotchy. It also broke me out on my forehead and chin. I would recommend this
product to those who need very minimal coverage for a very short period of
time. It does not last a regular work day. I have combination and sensitive
skin. I'm super bummed this product didn't work out given all the glowing
reviews.
Moisturizingblendablesheer but buildablenot cakeyno harsh fragrancetons of
product in the containerBUT it doesn't have a pump. Probably because it has a
quite watery consistency.HIGHLY recommend.
It was surprising to get a nice product for this price considering there are a
lot of foundations out there that are just really ridiculous in their pricing.
So far it seems to be okay for my skin.
Not to thick. Looks natural and not cakey.
Nice medium coverage that feels good on my skin and great price.
I am an older woman with very pale skin which tends to be dry. This makeup goes
on smoothly without primer and looks very natural, while hiding flaws and
adding a natural luster to my skin. I am blessed that I dont have many
wrinkles, but the few I have are not pronounced by this product. It does not
cause irritation, clogged pores or breakouts on my face. I love that the cost
is very affordable and the quality is so wonderful. Great job Mabelline!
I love Fit me, the coverage is great! I use two colors for full coverage and it
works great for me..The price is awesome for the coverage, I was a Mac
foundation user for years until I found Fit me. I still use Macs concealer..
I am a upper 40's woman, and need a foundation that looks natural, not orange
and feels light on my face.I took the "foundation quiz" on the Maybelline
website, and went with the recommended # and style. I feel like the color is
perfect. I may need to go a bit darker in the summer but this works great now.
Easy to apply, stays put. Doesn't enhance my laugh lines. FINALLY found a make
up that I like!
This is forever my go to foundation. The 2 package deal is also better then
purchasing in stores because 1 costs about 9/10 dollars. Recommended for dark
skin woman.And there were no leaks or spills. Packaged well.
As always! Arrived in-tact and the right shade. AND cheaper than Walmart! This
foundation does oxidize a bit and will turn slightly after on your face a while
but as long as you blend with a good loose powder, you will be fine!
Very happy with this make-up. I don't use to much make-up. This one is prefect
for a natural look.
Would be a great foundation if it didn't oxidize so bad. It's really hard to
match too because it's always darker than it is supposed to be.
The color is fit for me, but not as expected. It is going darkness after 3
hours and not stay long on my face. Anyway it does the job due to the price.
Break out in 2 days.not for me.
This is my favorite “drug store” foundation ! It goes on so pretty, it’s pretty
full coverage, and will last for quite awhile. I do wear a matte powder over it
since it is a dewy finish.
Great product. Goes on smooth & has no oily residue.
Super affordable and it does the job. I'm definitely buying this again as my
new every-day foundation.
Ok for everyday wear to the office compared to price brands, which I typically
save for special occasions. The fit me product is a good alternative if your
looking to speak d less than $25-$30 for a bottle of liquid foundation.
Even though I purchased "Ivory", it was still a bit dark. But other than that,
application was smooth and the foundation lasted most of the day. My only issue
was that halfway through the day, my face started to get welts on it and feel
itchy. I wore it for several more days so my skin could get used to the
foundation's formula. But although the welts disappeard, my face still felt
itchy. I DO have sensitive, fair skin so it's always extremely difficult to
find makeup that doesn't irritate me. However, I would recommend this product
because as I mentioned, it's a smooth, light formula that lasts most of the
day.
Beautiful medium coverage! Perfect for dry/combination skin. I've found this
works best with a beauty blender to absorb some of the shine. Careful about
using too much around fine line areas, it likes to settle throughout the day if
you're not a fan of setting powder.
Good foundation, applies well on skin. Medium coverage helps to even out skin
tone but a can still see my freckles.
This foundation glides on my skin and the color matches my skin very well.
Works okay, still left my skin flaky and powdery looking on my forehead and on
my cheeks a bit, thought it would do better for dry skin.
Good match
I like this product because it really gives my skin a fresh look and is the
perfect color for my skin tone. I don't care for foundation that gives a matte
look. Matte makeup only works if you're about fifteen years old.
I have both the Matte Poreless and now the Dewy. i have combination skin,
leaning on the dry side and this is beautiful on the skin. I do not wear
concealer, though i should start, and noticed that i will need a little more
coverage under my eyes, and this alone will not do it. Actually the Matte
Porless works well under the ey as it is a little "thicker" consistency. I
would say it is a medium coverage. feels light weight. new favorite foundation
ever!
I bought this and thought the color was going to be to dark on me or orangey
but I was wrong! The color is great and it’s so smooth and doesn’t dry out your
skin. I apply over a pore minimizer cream and it stays on great! Good thing
about this foundation is that it doesn’t give you a cakey look or dry out your
skin!
The foundation is pretty good, not my favorite though. It's a little oily until
it dries on your face, and it's very watery and also takes awhile to dry. I
bought the color 120 soft ivory, the color I always purchase, and the fit me
foundation I got in the store was the same color I got on Amazon, but the one I
ordered was much darker. My advice to you, is get a color one or two shades
lighter then your normal color. Or just buy it in the store.
Maybelline Fitme foundation is my Go to and absolute favorite 😍 it gies on
smooth and last through out my day I definitely recommend this foundation
I recommend it covers my skin good
I'm a medium brown skin girl and the 360 Mocha matched perfectly with my skin.
I'm so obsessed and love it so much I started wearing makeup just for fun, even
though I work from home.
not my skin tone
I like that this makeup moisturizes and provides spf in a lightweight, medium
coverage makeup. I have a very active job that requires me to be outside most
of the day and it’s been a great daily use makeup.
It wasn’t moisturizing it was oily or even greasy I have never used anything
like it. It’s a medium coverage it turns orange from oil in it .
Greatest product ever especially for its great price ! It’s better than most
brand item foundations !!!! :)
I have very fair skin. I get 125 nude beige. I have more dry some times acne
prone skin. This has become my favorite foundation. It matches very well. It
does not cause break outs. It does not cause more dryness. So far I really have
no issues or complaints at all about this foundation. I have used it probably
at least 6 times already. It covers quite well. I am very happy with it.
The color matches perfectly with the pictures, and the product isn’t heavy at
all on the skin. It doesn’t clump up or cause lines which is great! And of
course the price is good.
I really like this makeup! After using this, my boyfriend told me I am more
beautiful! The price is reasonalble. I even more like this than Lancôme. I
really recommend it to you!
It’s for dry skin so it was oily and sheer and I put that on my oily combo skin
and it’s more than likely my fault but for a light coverage dewy look this is
for you!!
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Best quality for the price. I have used plenty of expensive foundations before
and while they are good, they don't measure up with this quality/price ratio. I
get this on ship and save as well. I ordered shade 125 and somehow it was my
perfect shade. The picture is very close to what it is, so should be easy to
estimate which shade you are. I use this under my contour powders and bronzers
- provides great but light coverage and is great for day and night wear.
It’s easy to make it into full coverage by layering. I love the dewy finish but
hate that it gathers up in certain places on my face, I have to make sure to
blend the hell out of it, but it looks great in the end.
my face never looked so smooth!! this is great because you get coverage without
feeling cakey. absolutely fantastic for the price!!
I love this foundation, I got it 2 shades darker so I can mix it with my
dermacol which is whiter than my actual skin tone. Foundation performs great!
I really love this. Must be applied with a damp beauty blender. Comes off
streaky with a brush. The light shade looks good on my warm toned pale skin.
It's not full coverage (but who would expect full coverage from the drug
store?) but it is pretty close for cheap makeup. If you don't like the dewy
finish, just put some finishing powder on and its perfect.
Very poor coverage. More like a tinted moisturizer.
Ivory was a darker than any ivory shade ever too brown
Not drying and lightweight feel! I really like this foundation! @mandyglamdy
for more looks on insta.
I love this stuff. It goes on thick enough to hide some of my red bumps (I have
adult acne at 40) but not a caked on look. Get the right shade and it is a nice
cheaper foundation. The companies website has an upload picture feature that
really helps dial in on your shade. Highly recommend going and using that.
I liked everything but the color is a little orangey to my tone, other than
that...doesnt last all day, ( but who wants to wear makeup 24/7?) Not I. Could
be full coverage if you apply more I guess...not cakey.
You need a setting powder and spray for this to stay on! I thought I would love
it from the reviews, but it just melts off my face. Thankfully I got it on
amazon and not the store. Did not match my face tone. I got Fair Ivory, and
it’s still slightly orange.
This is a great product, applies well, gives me the moisture I am looking for
and otherwise great. If it lasted longer it would get 5 stars
I love this foundation, I just wish they would make it without spf
covers well
I’ve been using FitMe dewy for about 3-4 years now. Love it.
This is the first foundation that I’ve used that doesn’t feel like it’s sitting
on my face.
The reason I didn't give it five starts is because the shade didn't match my
skin color, but this comes wherever you order anything online. Otherwise, I
lived the products and how it fits on my skin. It makes your skin glow and it
looks so natural. Definitely recommend but check your shade!
I’m still tryna match my color and I’m not having the best of luck but I’m
almost there I recommend
goes on smooth, not heavy or greasy, and no cakiness as of yet.
Hard to tell from the pic, but the label is off center, the bottle looks warped
and the cover doesn't screw on straight. There is no expiration date on the
bottle or label, and the product smelled bad and was an off (orange-y) color.
Loved this foundation when bought in the store- good coverage, nice finish and
long lasting at a great price.
Its great makeup.And a big thank you to all delivery drivers who get all my
items to me (and everyone else) in a promptly time during this coronavirus
difficult time! Applause to you all!
Great product consistency-- much like a tinted moisturizer, at least when
applied with the fingers like I do, which is exactly what I like. You can never
see this product on my skin, it looks very natural and blends well. It is a
tiny bit too dark for my skin tone, but for an American foundation, it's the
best I've found to nearly match my fair skin. I'm going back to Asian bb cream
for now though, because this really isn't my true match, but a great product
formula, pleasantly surprising because almost every American foundation I tried
looks cakey and unnatural.
I bought a different shade before but I tried this shade because it was cheaper
and also I want to try if it matches my skin better. Wow, was I surprised. It
perfectly matched my sun tanned skin. It looks like I don't have any foundation
at all but the difference is my skin looks smoother and even toned. But I guess
months from now, when my summer skin gets a few shade lighter, then I have to
buy a lighter shade of this foundation.
The color was a perfect fit but I wish I ordered the matte version of this.
Dewy definitely brings shininess too soon, maybe even as soon as 2,3 hours
after applied.
I like it looks exactly online
I have very dry skin and even the more expensive liquid foundations would just
make my dryness worse after a long work day. No longer will I pay $60+ for
Urban Decay Naked Skin liquid foundation! This foundation is light weight,
keeps my skin perfectly balanced (not too dry or oily), and has amazing
coverage. And still looks fabulous at the end of the day. My only regret is
that I wish I found it sooner!
Nice foundation with good coverage however this color was too light. So I’ll
just use it as highlight.
my bottle arrived but i missed that it has Octinoxate. listing photos (& title)
didn’t show that - most prominently display this feature - but my bottle does.
i already use a safe spf product and always steer clear of this type of man-
made (chemical) protection.into the trash it goes.
it came in broken the whole entire foundation was in the bag
I found that this foundation oxidized a bit througout the day and also didn't
have enough shades for me to find a perfect match... but it was decent
considering the price and 5+ hour wear without needing powdering or touch-ups.
There is no funny scent to this formula, and it comes in a pour bottle which
doesn't get messy if tighly closed.
I love this brand so decided to order this one from Amazon. It came a little
lighter than I expected which is a bummer but I guess it could be worn in the
winter time since thats when folks usually get lighter. I like that I don't
constantly have to keep applying it and it lasts. I would just recommend
checking your color in the stores before purchasing it online.
I was so excited for the sale on this product as i purchase this brand every
time i need but i usually get the blue labeled ones.... i purchased my normal
color i get at walgreens however the one i purchased here was VERY dark. For
milano skin, which is beautiful however i am albino and so my neck and face now
are very different shades lol. Im not pretty enough to pull off the two skin
tone look unfortunately! But i did TRY it and mixed a small amount of white
foundation from a shironuri makeup [geisha] set i had purchased awhile back and
it turned out alright. Didnt want to return because i really need foundation
for my job. Next time ill know to go lighter.
My daughter has very fair skin and it's hard for us to find anything light
enough for her in the local stores without buying department store makeup. We
found this one and she LOVES it. It is actually light enough for her and has a
great finish. She loves how it goes on and the coverage she gets. Once she sets
it with powder she doesn't have to mess with it the rest of the day. She is 16,
but has dry skin. She still uses a light moisturizer underneath this
foundation.
I'm sure there better foundations out there but this one is my go to
foundation. It offers good coverage and my skin looks soft and even. With the
use of a good primer, it lasts hours. It is inexpensive so that's plus.
Love how this color blends away all my redness and dark areas. I have aging
combination skin. Goes on smooth. Ive stopped using primer with this
foundation. The dewy finish adds glow but i have to use a matte powder under my
eyes to knock down the unnatural shine, not a big deal. Best foundation I’ve
ever worn overall
This product goes on easily, blends well, and can be paired easily with the
matching concealer. Great for every day. Doesn't clog pores or make me break
out. Also, very wide shade range!
Good color
I've always been a MAC girl when it came to foundation, but this is my new go
to for a fraction of the price. I love this stuff! The color match is unlike
any other foundation. I love the dewy formula and the matte, depending on what
I am going for. It is very liquidy though, so I would recommended being careful
when dispensing. The bottle might be better off with a pump to avoid waste.
Still an A+ product.
I don't usually wear "drug store" makeup, but I'd recently tried another
Maybelline product and was surprised by how good it was. When I found this on
sale, figured I'd give it a shot. I got as far as swatching the color on the
back of my hand and the scent of my mother wafted into my nostrils. No good. I
love my mom but I do NOT want to smell like her.
Love the fit me products, medium coverage, super buildable, easy to use
Love the feel & color is a match
This is a very good foundation. It gives me the coverage I want. It does have a
little bit of sheen so I use a neutral setting powder to take the sheen off and
give me the look I want.As an Amazon Prime member this qualified as an add-on
so I was able to add this to my order and receive free two day shipping. My
package arrived on time and in perfect condition.
No
I have a hard time finding foundation I like, and I'm highly pleased with this
one.
This make up is good coverage for the price and gives you that dewy look.
I've bought this brand and this shade many times (porcelain) so I know what it
should look like. The one I received was extremely darker than usual, and no
safety seal (tape). The label on the cap and the bottle matched, so only other
explanation is that it's expired and oxidized. Unless Maybelline let
mispackaged foundation pass inspection and sent to Amazon.. It looks about 6
shades darker than "porcelain". So if you receive a much darker shade than
expected, it's probably a mistake.
I was originally using Revlon PhotoReady when my friend suggested I try this.
Her make-up is always flawless so I thought I would give it a try. I like that
it feels lightweight. I do not like that the top is just open. I prefer having
a pump. I like the sleek design of the bottle because it is very easy to fit in
a makeup bag.
Gets the job done. You definitely get what you pay for though.
This is one of my foundation next to Bobbi Brown and Iman. This one make my
skin glow, smooth, stay on longer and cover all the flaws on my face. I love it
If you don’t have a lot of money to spend on makeup - this is a good quality
drugstore foundation for you. Super recommended for dry skin or people who like
the Dewey look.
The product itself is satisfactory, but the bottle is not sealed with adhesive
tape, and the bottle cap and bottle body cannot be aligned when tightening. I
feel like I received a used product
Matches my skin perfect and works great, only thing that would make it better
is an easier way to get it out of the bottle.
This product was good in every way except that it made me break out badly , I
will have to return.
Good product
My skin is very demanding. It is dry, with lots of freckles. For someone it is
very attractive, but for me this is a problem №1! I have tried many different
foundations but they were hard to my skin and I felt uncomfortable. So
recently, I decided to try something new for me Maybelline Fit Me! It is
amazing. Very soft and light. It is easy to apply. This foundation smoothes the
tone of my skin perfectly. My skin looks well-cared and healthy )
It wasn't sealed when I received it.
I have tried many foundations, and this Fit Me Dewy is the best look and finish
I've found for dry skin. I love the shade, covers redness, and doesn't make me
look older. I even don't put all over and can blend a different one with it if
I want to avoid t-zone if it's oilier than usual.
It was a gift for my wife. She said it works fine for her. It's my second time
getting this product.
I bought the shade 360 mocha and it’s a completely different shade to the matte
and poreless that’s fits me perfectly…. It’s definitely full courage but it’s
not for me
Color: It is about 2 shades lighter than Revlon "Caramel"Pros: smooth and
dewyCons: looks super dry after a while
This range seems so inconsistent with color. I always buy the classic ivory
which isn’t actually as light as the shade leads you to think. The matte and
the dewy are different colors in the same shade. I usually buy the dewy one in
this color and this time I got it and I noticed the color is super dark, almost
like a medium tan color...I love this foundation and have been using it for
years but they must have changed the formula in some way because the color
doesn’t match me anymore. Mind you I’ve literally used this shade and range for
like 6 years.
I’ve always had a hard time with finding face makeup that’s easy to use, works
well for me, and affordable. I am very happy with this foundation as well as
the powder. It’s not heavy but there’s a fair amount of coverage.
It doesn’t cover much even when applying a good amount. It has a weird
consistency and it just doesn’t sit well on my skin.
So, Maybelline has the "Shade Finder" on their website for this exact line. I'd
been struggling for a while to find the right shade and this one is definitely
it! It's lightweight and breathable and doesn't clog my pores (I do use a
primer beforehand) and blends well with cream contour. I love it.
I am very fair complected and have the hardest time finding a drug store brand
foundation that will match my light skin, this is a perfect match! It also
leaves a beautiful dewey finish which is great if you have dry-normal skin. It
blends like a dream and while it isn't super long lasting, It still stays on a
good three-four hours with out fading. The coverage is light to medium, but is
build-able. I would recommend this foundation to anyone who just wants a more
flawless, airbrushed, natural look!
This is the first time I've been able to find any face product that is an exact
match for my super fair skin. Also I have spots that are extremely dry and this
doesn't look patchy at all. I have this on order for every couple months now. I
have tried many expensive high end brands and nothing comes close.
Perfect for my extremely dry skin. Doesn't disappoint! Goes on smooth and
blends well. Only wish there was a better bottle with maybe an applicator, gets
a little messy to get the liquid ot sometimes.
I have dry skin so every other concealer would dry out my skin and just look
plain ugly, this however moisturizes while concealing. I love it
Great foundation for fair skin with pink undertones, which is not easy to find.
It’s a bit oilier, which is why I got it as I have dry skin. Though not at all
sticky. I used with primer and it lasted all day. Really does seem like a high
end foundation and not a drug store brand.
This was the perfect color for my face in regards to my makeup. It's an exact
color, doesn't make my face too light or too dark, but just right. Thanks guys,
you're the best!
Love this makeup! Had never tried it before, but will definitely be ordering
again!
Bought for my sister. She uses it for awhile now. She loves it. Coverage and
texture
Nothing I can say bad about this product ,great on so many levels, good to and
for my skin easy to wash off,as well as easy to apply no streaks and stays on
as well stays put love this product
I have tried other brands/kinds of foundation on and off, but I always come
back to this. It covers well, but has a nice dewy finish that does not look
cakey. It blends easily and doesn't cling to my dry patches. My concealer
blends well with it also. Plus it's affordable and works just as good as some
pricier foundations.
Holds up well to a long day at work. Feels light on my face without the heavy,
cakey feel, yet covers beautifully.
I love the way this foundation feels and smells. I don't need to use a
moisturizer under it. So many shades to choose from, too!
Maybe if you want very light coverage but seemed watered down,can’t get what I
want out of this product at all my cc cream does a way better job than this.
Also the color was darker than expected but thankfully read other reviews&went
lighter which was still darker than expected. It’s too watered down for
me&doesn’t cover anything,I’d rather get my drug store cc cream so much better
than this.
I love this product, worth the price. Definitely recommend it 100 %, it covers
very well and makes my make up look flawless.
This has nice coverage, but not as nice of coverage as the matte version of
this. I like to have more dewy looking skin, so I would love to see a nice
balance between this and the matte foundation. This particular color is what I
usually use in other products, but was a little dark on my skin.
The best ever dewy foundation
Goes on so smooth. Lasts me all day. Perfect coverage
Very natural color. The texture is silky. I have relatively dry skin in winter,
so I apply facial lotion before using this foundation. It helps the color to
last longer too.
I really snout this foundation. My skin is too oily for the dewy finish so I
gave it to my BFF and order the matte finish
I ordered shade 355 and I have to say that I'm happy with the color and
pigmentation. It isn't terribly opaque so, it is easy to build the color from
sheer to medium coverage. This foundation color is perfect for those with
yellow undertones.When I first put it on, it was QUITE oily which was
surprising seeing as I have dry skin. But, as the foundation sets and oxidizes
it becomes truly dewy and not as "wet" as it was when I first put it on. I
would definitely suggest wearing it with some loose powder on top because it's
easily transferable.
I was expecting the liquid to match the stick foundation which I was running
out of. The liquid 120 is a bit darker and not as creamy as the stick. In all
other respects it is a good foundation, not too heavy or cakey and covers well
without looking like you are wearing much. Provided the color really does "Fit
You". I went to 110 instead and am more satisfied with the lighter color.
The dewy formula oxidizes much more than the matte formula, I loved the matte
one of this and the lightest shade perfectly matched my pale skin, the dewy one
is pretty but it’s more sheer and looks a little bit darker than the matte even
though it’s the same shade. Also wears off later in the day but I didn’t set
it.
Easy to apply, even. Long wearing. Dewy appearance. Picture perfect!!
I wasn't impressed. I wanted light coverage, but this was basically no
coverage. I have dry skin and this makeup did nothing for me.
I ordered porcelain so I don’t understand why the product is so beige and
orangey. In the picture it looks much lighter and accurate to the shade but in
actuality it’s more of a tan color. I’m quite pale so it doesn’t work for my
skin tone and am disappointed. Usually porcelain works. Got the foundation for
my pictures and schoolyear but won’t get to wear it. The actual formula is nice
enough though, and not drying, it’s just that the shades are way off target
from their name.
I bought this in both the matte & dewy formulas. The matte came in the normal,
correct, extremely pale shade. As someone who looks like they’ve never seen the
sun, that’s what I was going for. Unfortunately I purchased two bottles of the
dewy formula as well, and, though labeled 110 - were both deep shades of
orange-tan. Not sure how quality assurance missed this one.
Maybeline cosmetics always comes through for me! Fit Me Dewy - Smooth
Foundation is not only the perfect color that adds just the right amount of
natural blush to my complexion, but also gives my skin a natural, healthy, long
lasting glow! I will be buying this product over and over again!
This is by far my favorite foundation of all time! I have very dry skin and
this works well for me! So smooth, smells amazing! Stays on for a long time,
good coverage! Definitely will be buying more in the near future. Love it!
Had someone’s hair inside. Disgusting
I won't buy this again, It goes on a little more sheer than I prefer, it
resembles more of a lightweight tinted moisturizer than a full coverage
foundation. It applies really smooth, and looks very dewy, which I love, but I
guess I prefer a more full coverage foundation which I didnt even realize till
I used this one. When I put it on, it was darker than I expected but after
going on vacation I got a little sun and its perfect now. I'm not worried about
that, but what i DO hate is although it looks like I have foundation on when I
apply it and look in the mirror, EVERY SINGLE picture of me since wearing this
, IT LOOKS LIKE I HAVE NO MAKEUP ON!! I'm not talking, I look "natural" I'm
talking, it looks like I just woke up and my face looks like crap. I hate being
wasteful so I've been making myself wear it, but it seems like its going to
last forever so I think I just need to pitch it and find something else. My
usual foundation had been discontinued and I had high hopes for this one after
seeing some review pics. Sadly this is NOT it for me.
I have been trying various kinds of foundation and I think I finally found one
I like. It covers well and lasts all day. I'm using the lightest shade, which
actually matches well. This foundation won't break the bank and works better
than the expensive brands I have been trying
fair on the skin
Beautiful. Glides on. Complete game changer for me!!! I found my go-to
makeup!!!! No issues whatsoever!!
Would be perfect if it had a pump bottle. I like the foundation. But time
consuming just to get it out of the bottle. A pump would be great on these
bottles
This is one of the best products for the money. It stays on all day. When I put
it on I make sure to moisturize first. After application I put setting powder
on. I'm 62 and pleased with the outcome.
I was expecting a little more coverage but I do like how it feels and lack of
any smell to it.
I really like this product. I normally use MAC within the same shade but
whenever I am unable to get to a MAC Store then I use this as a substitution.
The foundation is light, goes on smoothly and provides a great coverage.
Depending upon how your day goes and the weather you may have to apply more
than once (i.e. hot, windy) and can be used with a matte powder if needed to
seal in the look.
It fits/matches absolutely well
I bought this because it was advertised as fragrance free. When I recieved it I
believed it to be fragrance free and put it on my face and severe burning and
stinging due to my fragrance allergies. When I read the ingredients it was not
fragrance free at all. It listed frgrance on the ingredient list. I should have
read the ingredients before purchasing but why would I even have to question it
when they described it as fragrance free. I dont know who is to blame for this
maybelline or amazon. People buy fragrance free because they like myself may
have fragrance allergies. This was false advertising. My face looks red and
blotchy and burns now. I will never purchase foundation from amazon ever again.
Report abuse
Product used to spread around face, it stays longer with setting spray.
Wrong shade,lighter than I thought.i will find someone to give both these new
bottles too.or I will put it in my collection for the needy.
I absolutely love love love this product, first of all. I get 110 which is one
of the few makeup products pale enough for me, I don't really have a yellow
tint in my skin and this product lacks one. The confusion, however, comes from
the fact that upon opening the package there was also an Air Heads candy thing
in it (???) As if that wasn't strange enough in another package from another
company that came in the mail today there was a Pip-squeaks crayola marker. I
have no idea why, but I am happy with the product.
Maybelline has been my go to foundation since my early 20s. She is full
coverage and matches my skin tone very well.
It covers well
Great foundation! I love the dewy finish even though I have oily skin. Adapts
well to my skin and applies nicely. My new fav.
This has become my holy grail moisturizing foundation for my dry eczema-laden
skin. Not only does this not dry me out, I actually found the perfect shade
which is almost impossible for me considering I tend to fall in between shades.
Love it!
This Is my absolute favorite drugstore foundation.
Not for hot weather. Looks greasy. But the colour is amazing for my skin
texture.
Its so hard to find the right shade, but I've found it and sticking to it. It
makes my skin look buttery smooth, and dewy without looking oily! Coverage is
nice without feeling like 'm painting on a whole new face, and its breathable
too. The spf works, as I can tell where I missed when I'm out n the sun too
long. Beautiful product that blends super well!
Good
Easy to use
Quick and easy to use. It does not clog my pores. It does not clump up after
hours of use. It is lightweight and still gives me great coverage. Highly
recommend.
Looks great on
All over coverage and it's not greasy and it's not too orange-based it's even
got my skin tone covers up my blemishes love it.
Pretty good! Better than some of my previous foundations.
This foundation is my favorite drugstore foundation. it looks so smooth and
dewy on the skin, it's not cakey or anything. Does a great job at covering my
redness and blemishes. I just blend in it sometimes with a damp sponge but even
without, it's so dewy. love it.
i really wanted to like this because it's the perfect color for my pale
complexion... but i just can't, it has about a medium coverage at best so if
you have anything other than an absolute perfect skin, you'll need to use lots
of concealer. that's just a minor flaw though, the big thing is that it just
looks terrible on the skin. it made my pores look HUGE, even with an expert
brush and the right technique. it looks grainy and chalky when you're done but
is extremely oily to the touch and soaks up any kind of finishing powder. it
gets right up in every little line you have after about 2 minutes of wearing it
and makes you look about 10 years older! so the color is a big yes, everything
else is a big NO. i tried everything imaginable to make it work and i wear make
up on a daily basis, but a bad product is a bad product and no technique in the
world can fix that.
One of my favorite foundations. Last very long blends great very affordable.
Its an all around win. Maybelline Fit Me foundation and Loreal 24 hour
foundation are my two favorites.
I use this product in matte and usually in Porcelain...needless to say the
Porcelain in this kind is COMPLETELY off.. it is SUPER dark/orange and no where
near my shade. Tha nk goodness it was only 4 dollars...right in the trash
Unbelievable results for the price! No more will I spend $30 on foundation.
Apply and blend with a good sponge. Concealer and creme blush blend perfectly.
I don't feel anything. and the color is difficult to choose.
I was very surprised at the soft coverage of this Maybelline foundation. It is
very nice forthe price and does the same as some department store high price
foundations. Recommend itto ladies with dry skin.
This is good stuff. By far the best foundation i have found for under $10.
Light but gives you full coverage. The color was a little lighter than I
thought it was going to be but I will know for next time. I would recommend to
others.
This is a very good foundation if you have dry skin as it is more moist than
many others, but not greasy. Coverage is good and the color was as shown in the
picture. It does not cause any problems even on very sensitive skin. All in all
considerably better than others I have tried.
I love this product. It blends really easy I don’t wear it every day but I do
wear it sometimes and it doesn’t break out my skin and it washes off really
easy but holds through my entire work shift. I love that it melts into my skin
like it’s a lotion and not a foundation.
Love ❤️ my maybelline fit me foundation in coconut(355) , I normally use Kat
Von D foundation, but I saw a tutorial on makeup on you tube with this
foundation I went to Walgreens to try which shade suitable for my complexion
and I was sold can beat the price comparing to $39. This foundation blends so
natural to your skin to me last all day if apply primer first.
After years of frustration I have finally found a foundation that goes on
smoothly, has good coverage and matches the color of my complexion. I have
wasted so much money on other products that invariably turned out to be a big
disappointment and ended up in the trash. To find a product that works for me
at such a reasonable price really makes my day.
I like it. I do use a lotion after I wash my face which helps the foundation
spread easier and more evenly. I have pale skin, so I have to be careful to
select a light shade of color. Thanks!
I usually buy this T my local drug store but price was great on amazon so I got
it on here. My favorite by far does not make me sensitive skin break up, gives
me a nice dewy look which I like. I like matte but personally I think it looks
awful on drier skin and that's what I have. I love the dewy finish look at it
last all day.
Although I bought 3 different shades...once because it came a little darker
than expected and a 3rd for seasonal tan variation..BUT this is THEE most
awesome product for the over 50 gals..it is WONDERFUL...no HINT of wearing a
foundation AT ALL. It is a little more difficult to remove than traditional
foundation..BUT WELL WORTH IT.
Very good foundation good color match easy to apply
SINCE MAIL NOT REGULATED WHEN IT COMES TO TEMPERATURE MY BOTTLE WAS HOT I TRIED
IT AND IT HAD A GREEN UGLY OVERTONE SO MAYBE WAS DAMAGE BY HEAT SO I WONT BUY
MAKEUP OR ANYTHING THAT IS HEAT SENSITIVE UNLESS IT COMES UPS OR FED EX THE
MAILMAN SIT WITH IT IN THE SUN TILL END DAY NO GOOD
The shade on my phone looks different than what actually came. Very
disappointed.
Has been my favorite foundation for years!!
I really like how light weight and easy to spread this is. I bought stuff that
was more expensive and was suppose to be better coverage but it was so heavy it
didn’t spread easy and actually made it look worse. This was a nice surprise.
Hi my name is Kim hall. I purchase maybelline fit me dewy. I put my light
founation on first ,then put a little of the darker on and it lookd good. I
realky like. It goes on real nice. I really dont have amy down fall on the
product. I would recommend to friends. Thank you Kim Hall
Looks good on the skin
Disappointed. Expected more. Drying on my skin. What are us baby boomers to do
now that we are older? Make up is catered to the young that have oily skin or
combination skin. There is a market out there for foundation for older women
who no longer have acne and our skin is dry and we want to cover up uneven
skinn tones now. The make up market doesn't look at us as spending dollars.
Please, there are lots of older women begging for a sheer foundation that
covers just enough and is moisturizing. And is luminizing. Reflects light.
Sheer tints don't work either.
Not full coverage
The tones are a little darker than pictured so I recommend buying a tone
lighter than you normally use.IT works very good tho!
This foundation was all that I had hoped for. I was looking for a soft, light
foundation that wouldn't make me look cakey or fake and this product blew me
out of the water. The color wasn't overwhelming and the dewy finish made my
skin look natural and flawless. It is light enough for everyday use and stays
all day. Very satisfied and would recommend to anyone who wants a relatively
cheap foundation that does the job well.
This is a very good drugstore foundation - price and color are excellent!
My favorite
The only issue I have with this product is that after using the foundation a
few times, the opening and lid gets gunked up with the make-up. It then
eventually starts to leak out of the bottle which leaves me not being able to
store it in my make-up bag, but instead, upright on the shelf. Has great
coverage.
It’s a really good and cheap foundation
Yes very sheer
This product worked really well for a month. Now my skin is dry and this
foundation only makes it worst. It also has a strange smell to it which is
really hard to describe. It was very easy to spread. Very runny. It does not
clog pores, but like I said it has dried my face out and my face use to be
really oily. So...I will be looking for a new product.
I thought I was only going to use this for my Harley Quinn cosplays, as I
picked a very light shade, but as it turns out, this shade works great for my
skin tone! It's easy to apply, doesn't take much product to cover my whole
face, and doesn't feel thick or heavy on. This is such a great product for the
price! An unexpected great find for daily wear!
Matte finish
My favorite foundation and got it for a good price.
I have dry skin and I’m absolutely in love with this foundation, it has a
medium coverage and the finish is just so pretty
Wrong color But I’ve the makeup.
New favorite! For my dry skin it looks dewy and healthy. Most foundations look
caked, powdery, dry, and soo noticeable, but this foundation makes my skin look
like skin!!!! If you don't like the dewy look just put a powder on top and
shine is gone without the caked look
Love the dewy look. I had been using the matte but this dewy is more natural
looking. Going to order another bottle today!
I used it for the first time today. I love it! I needed a different shade
because it's summer and this was the perfect one. I bought the nude beige and
it was neither too light or too dark and looked very natural.
Great coverage for "drugstore" make-up. Lasted all day and I received a lot of
compliments when I wear it.
Pros : Very light , very good coverage , gives a natural fresh look, blends in
well , good for an everyday useCons : to some like myself it may be a bit on
the oilier side so it will make you break out a bit , so if you had sensitive
skin or very oily skin i wouldn't recommend it
Its pretty decent I prefer loriel pro glow but this is a deff close 2nd
Love that this foundation is not a Matt dry finish. The dewy finish is perfect
for my super dry skin and it’s the right amount of coverage.
Great product. Long lasting.
The Fit Me line liquid makeup is a perfect match for my skin. It goes on smooth
and creamy and looks good throughout a long work day. The only problem I have
is the same number corresponding powder doesn't match at all, it is much
lighter than the liquid color so it doesn't match my face. They should try to
match the liquid with the powder colors better.
Noticed the color is slightly off. Wanted to buy another stick of the same
color but it was not available. Opted for the liquid foundation and it’s
slightly off. When on my face is looks way too orange. Other than that great
foundation but consistency with colors would be nice considering it’s basically
useless for me now.
Have to say for under $5 this provides great coverage. No orange-y look. Doesnt
dry out your skin. I will be buying it again.
I managed to pick my perfect shade. This is lovely since i usually have dry
skin. It is moisturizing, lasts all day and I will absolutely be rebuying it.
Good coverage the only reason I did not give it five star is because I sweat
around my mouth area and whenever I do that area always comes off and it said
sweat proof
I switched from a BB cream to this makeup. It has light coverage but covers
well and looks natural. Great price.
It's my go to foundations. I have been using it for two years. It works really
well with a beauty sponge! It stays on all day And I love the price, too!
Blends well and feels light
I like that this foundation doesn't leave my skin cakey or heavy, it feels
light when applied directly on the skin, blends well with my skin tone.
Coverage is okay though you do have to layer it more than once if you have a
blemish you need to cover up. After applying this foundation, I set it with my
loose powder using a brush and it leaves my skin looking matte throughout the
whole day.
If this looks to orange on me is maybe because I got the wrong shade!!
Bommer...... other than that is full coverage
This product is just gorgeous! It blends in well, plus it really does let my
skin breath though and it leaves my skin with a dewy look. When it first
arrived in the mail I thought that I had ordered the wrong shade but I was
wrong it is the perfect consistency and is just perfect!! I love it I would
advise everyone to buy it . BUT FIRST MAKE SURE THAT YOU GO TEH THE MAYBLINE
FIT ME PAGE ON LINE AND USE THE SHADE FINDER TO FIND YOUR PERFECT SHADE!! Its
fabulous. If you're considering buying it..YOU SHOULD!!
I don't like it that's too light I need the 3 shaped darker I don't like the
product
won't recommend if you have dry skin it only makes it worse.
This settles into my pores and has no coverage on my skin surface. Looks
absolutely horrible.
Not the best coverage but I like it. Doesn't last too long either. HOWEVER it
is good for dry skin. Lots of foundations make it so you can really see how
flaky my skin is, but not this stuff.
i am a first time user but this is literally my skin in a bottle ❤️❤️❤️
The most amazing fondation ..
This is great for dry skin, it moisturizes and leaves a dewy finish. I apply it
like lotion.
The color i ordered was way off from what it looked like online. Much darker
I love it!
I have been using this foundation for about a year now. I love it. I only
recently bought in on Amazon, because my local drug store where I usually buy
it had been out the two times I went to buy it. It was cheaper on Amazon! Same
product, long lasting and perfect color match. Highly recommend this Maybelline
line.
Be carful of the mix getting in body hair.
AWESOME formula. I've been using it for years, and I swear by it. I've tried
Lancome, Chanel, Bobbi Brown, all of it, and this is hands-down the smoothest
medium coverage foundation I've ever found. Creamy and doesn't crease into your
pores, plus the color blends very nicely. Love it!
I bought Nude Beige 125 online, not knowing if the shade will match my skin
tone. It's a tad darker than my skin, but it's hydrating and it glides on
easily using http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/
B005TKZS76?keywords=eco%20tools&qid=1448362342&ref_=sr_1_29&sr=8-29,
brushes.Coverage is light but it gives you a clean canvas needed for proper
makeup. If you're like me, and you wear foundation once in a blue moon, then
this will do the job just fine.
I have very dull, dry, and red skin and finding a foundation that would cover
my redness and not highlight my dull skin at the same time has been Impossible.
I did some research and decided to try this foundation and it is amazing! The
coverage is good and my skin looks smooth and lively. I pair it with the set
and smooth powder.
It looks amazing when you first put the foundation on, moisturizing, and nude
beige is my perfect match for skin tone. However, it starts separating badddd
on the forehead, by the nose, and imperfections pop out within a couple hours
of wearing this product, even after powder and setting spray. Disappointed in
the longevity.
I like this foundation for my dry, 65 year old skin. It was a little darker
than it looked on the picture, which happens, but summer's here, it will soon
be a perfect match.
I live up north where the climate is very cold and dry most of the year. This
foundation for the price is awesome. I've bought another foundation brand for
10bucks and it dried out my already dry skin. Maybelline Fit Me Dewy is perfect
for dry skin it makes for a flawless look and I love it.
Love it!
This makeup is a very good quality for the price. I have been using for about
five years. Maybelline is a reliable product.
Very satisfied with purchase and product.
Great stuff !! Matches my skin perfectly
Great match
I'm an Indian woman with medium to fair complexion. I use the shade sandy beige
and it works fine for me ( it is tad bit darker but I mix it with a tinted
moisturizer lighter than my skin tone). As the name suggests, it provides a
dewy finish without making the skin look oily. I set it with a pressed powder
though. Best buy for a drugstore foundation so far.
This foundation doesn't leave your face feeling oily/cakey. The application is
smooth, and it usually lasts all day.
Love this stuff. I’m old school not into the new makeup and I always get
compliments
its a good cheap foundation. it doesnt oxidize that much so its pretty true to
its color. i suggest sticking to the dewy and smooth, the matte version isnt
good.
Product came unsealed, half full and greasy fingerprints all over the bottle!
Wth how disgusting to sell USED makeup as new!
Love! Blends great, lasts all day. Not heavy or cakey, nice and smooth. I chose
128 which matched my skin tone perfectly
this reminds me of MAC prolongwear in a way.. great buildable coverage without
any cakiness. i have dry skin and this is one of my holy grails. and for the
price??? yess!!
this works pretty good, i use it quite often, it doesn't cake or feel like im
wearing a lot of makeup, so i do like it, i do mix up my makeup a lot and wear
different things, and i do wear this one quit often. it blends well, and does
not smudge easily, and stays on all day, without looking greasy or anything. i
would recommend it!
I was looking for something that would match my skin so I bought this just by
looking at the pictures and it’s the perfect shade! I wish I had a little more
coverage, but it’s light and doesn’t clog my pores.
The foundation is extremely smooth and blends extremely well I definitely
recommended the product to my mother.
Usually use covergirl queen collection golden honey Q25 foundation. This
product is a contender and a close hue to queen collection. Although product is
not full coverage but long lasting. Color/hue is exact match to my skin tone.
I'm impressed!
Idk if it’s Bc I purchased on Amazon but this is my fav foundation bc it’s dewy
and my skin is v dry and this one works great but idk this batch was drying and
ugly
Was a little darker then I expected the matte shades actually look lighter then
these. But has good covrage and a perfect dewy look. My favorite foundation.
This was purchased for my daughter. However, I use the same foundation in place
of the higher end ones that I can no longer afford and this product works well.
It is long-lasting and does not irritate my skin.
Good
I did a lot of research to find a good quality foundation for an affordable
price. This product kept coming up so I got it, but I am not satisfied. Why do
so many foundations have an orange tint?? I don't wear a lot of makeup so I'm
going for a natural look, but it's impossible when my base shade makes me look
like an oompa-loompa.
I love this foundation it goes on really well plus it blends with my skin tone
well while also covering up the redness in my cheeks. I've been using it for 2
years now and just absolutely love it
For the price I was shocked by the quality. This formula is amazing. But it
does not last all day without a setting powder. I use a setting spray in
addition to it and it looks lovely all day.
I’m very pale, and 110 in dewy always matches my skin tone. The coverage/
concealing isn’t the best, but this foundation has never made me break out and
has been my go to for like 2 years running. I have combination skin and it
leaves me neither dry or oily.
It may work for some but for me I just felt like it was dry after application.
The colors, and I have bought quite a few of these since price was right, I
didn't find a match for me and plus the feel wasn't right. I have seen other
reviews say to mix to get perfect match but that seems alotta trouble and well,
messy. It did seem to cake a bit in some areas even after moisture apply. This
was not for me.
This was the first time I bought the Fit Me Dewy and was taking an additional
chance trying it for the first time from Amazon. It is fantastic! It fit my
skin tone perfectly and applies nicely. I already bought another one to keep
over at my boyfriends house!
i love it, it gives a good coverage... although the effect doesnt last long but
its okay
I love this foundation! I was a bit skeptical since I used Maybelline's color
matcher online before ordering it from here well it did blend into my skin
perfectly! I got 230. I used a makeup sponge to stipple it onto my skin and it
left a silky and airbrushed look that lasted the whole night. (About 5 hours) I
haven't used it yet for a full day but it is much lighter than their dream
matte mousse foundation with the same flawless looking skin. It held up well
with sweat and rain as well.
As described
Love the consistency and coverage. This foundation is medium to full coverage,
and has a dewy finish. I do NOT recommend for oily or mixed skin though. Also I
do wish it had a pump to control how much product you get but really it’s a
great foundation
I like it because the normal to dry is good for my skin. I also use a day cream
under the makeup.
I hate this! It look so bad on me! Especially my cheeks that are the driest
spots of my face. It make my face look like it had a lot of textures! It also
just sat on top of my skin too…yea, it’s a no for me.
Great price
Great foundation
Excelente producto
Love this foundation! So lightweight and easy to blend !
I really like this because it has sunscreen. I mix it up with my morning
moisturizer or sometimes I use it like a foundation. It doesn't feel heavy on
the skin, its not drying. I have dry skin.
I really like the foundation! but I got a shade that is darker than my skin
tone. I went back to the store for lighter shade and it is a perfect match on
my skin! So far, best matching foundation for me!
This foundation looks better on my older skin than some products costing 2 or 3
times more. I am very happy with it.
I already reviewed this for another shade. This shade was way too dark for me.
Make sure you go to the website and use their photo uploaded, and match your
shade. Goes on light but good coverage.
This was perfect all around
Arrived without a seal. Darker than expected.
Too liquid & doesn’t stay long
This is the perfect foundation! I am so happy that I have found my holy grail
product! My face goes from oily to dry to combo all the time and
thisnflundation keeps up! Doesn’t leave my skin oily and all shiny looking! I
put this one and hardly have to add concealer! I love it.
This is amazing for the price. Goes on easy and blends perfect. I use it with
the matching powder. Lasts the whole day. Very slightly dries my skin by the
end, but, I am not complaining. No creasing. Light to medium coverage.
Easy to spread
I love this foundation I use it every day and it is the one I get almost all
the time. I love the 'dewy' look that it gives your skin, shiny but not greasy.
It lasts all day as long as you don't touch your face too much
I'm on my second bottle of this foundation. I really like it a lot. Goes on
smooth, feels good on my skin, lasts but washes off easily. I am on the pale
side so I started with color #120, then I went to #125. Not much difference but
I like it better.
It’s very nice for dry skin
Not quite my complexion. I used a moisturizer prior. It was still hard to
distribute evenly. Definitely looks like I have foundation on. I don’t like
that look. Prefer a natural look with little tiny bit of shine.
The shade is really pretty good. It oxidized, so my face ended up too dark, but
it's the closest I've gotten to my neck color. The formula is what I expect for
$6. There's lots of texture, and it deepened my laugh lines immediately. It
also vanished pretty quickly. I might as well have bought the matte formula.
Also, my bottle arrived with no safety seal. Why, Amazon? Why? Honestly, it's
time to switch to Ulta, or some store. This is getting bad. Why can I never get
intact packaging?
My God - all us ladies know that the shade porcelain is close to ghostly white!
That’s because I am extremely fair and need to blend porcelain with Fair ivory
and a ivory. These shades were much much darker than the labels on all four (4)
of the bottles I purchased. Such a disappointment!
Very nice
So this is my first time trying normal to dry because I was thinking have a dry
face but NOPE it’s too light and I couldn’t find my shade
I love this. It can hide anything and looks natural if you put it on with a
beauty blender. It dries quickly so work in sections. It doesn't feel heavy or
smell much either so this has become part of my daily makeup routine. It's a
good price too and you get a good amount.
This is the perfect everyday coverage. Perfect match for my skin. And doesn't
feel heavy. Will not mess up clothes. Love it.
I like the Decy smooth - Fair Porcelain is for very light skin but works great
in winter months. the coverage is great and did not cause any breakouts for me
and I have sensitive skin.
I love this product! I was using an E.l.f. foundation, but it was making my dry
skin look even more dry. I heard this product is great for dry skin, and it
definitely is! My skin looks so smooth and illuminating with this foundation.
I’m in love!
I have been using this product for about a year. It is light, not greasy, and
covers for the entire day. I am a little pale since I try to stay out of the
sun and have both red and yellow tints to my skin and this color really evens
me out. It even stays on during a light workout. It is a must try.
(Mocha) it came as expected! arrived really early which i was happy with and
literally the only con is that the foundation isn't pump, you have to pour
that's the only reason i gave this a 4 star :) other wise, i'm very satisfied
It was a lot darker than I expected but I have an issue with matching my skin
tone. I mixed it with a lighter foundation and it worked alright. I picked up
the same product in my correct shade at the store and it worked great. It
stayed on for a long period of time, through sweat and all. I would say that it
is worth the purchase, but only if you intend on doing a full face of makeup,
otherwise it doesn't look very natural.
My best foundation yet. Maybelline Fit Me surpasses the much more expensive
foundations in smoothness and color.I was able to find my perfect shade in
beige-buff and have bought an extra supply to have on hand.
I really like this foundation. It's a fair match to my skin, which is hard to
find since I have an Irish complexion ;). I got the 110 Porcelain and it blends
pretty well. It doesn't smell particularly good, but it's not too bad.
I bought this because I read that it was great for dry skin. That's not exactly
true. I moisturize before I put it on and still have flaky spots. It's a great
shade for light skin. I have blonde hair and green eyes and wear cool colors.
I'm not a person that wear foundation, not a big make up person. I like this
foundation because it blends nicely with my complexion.
My favorite and great for dry skin
This foundation is kinda moisturizing. It doesn't self set, so I have to powder
it, so it gets cakey. It breaks down on and around my nose.
I ordered this item because my wife uses this...I thought. I ordered the wrong
type, but she was still happy with it. So, dodged a bullet with that. Note to
guys: Let your significant other make the purchase. Some surprises don't work
out, some do. I got lucky.
Wrong shade. Don't buy make up online unless you already know your exact shade
match. 5 days past return window. Looked at all the info avail online on shades
but still wrong. Looks orange. Also stays sticky feeling without a finishing
powder.
The product was 3 or 4 shades darker than the picture, and dried out the skin.
Why use a product made by a company that practices animal testing when the
product is misleading and harmful to the skin anyways?
I've used this for years. I only apply it once in the morning but could
probably use a touch-up during the day time. It's a nice color -- easy to
apply. I just use my fingers and apply it as I would moisturizer -- it's the
fastest and easiest way and still looks even. Love it though! Hope they never
discontinue the color!
Nice for summer skin, but does need t-zone powdering for me. I do get oily but
it doesn't breakup and go blotchy on me.
first foundation I'm ever using and I'm not disappointed. Not cakey at all and
stays on the whole day. Good for winter seasons since it's super hydrating.
Best low-price foundation I've found. I have large pores and dry skin, and even
with primer most foundations look kind of flaky on me. This one provides good
coverage while looking smooth and soft, and stays all day when I use setting
spray. I'm very impressed!
If you have very fair skin like I do, I would recommend buying a shade or two
lighter than what you usually wear. I bought in the shade 110 porcelain which
is the lightest i could find and it still was too dark for me with a slight
orange tint.
I really like this foundation. I used to hate wearing foundation because my
skin is not oily, so the matte-ness of most foundations just made my skin look
terrible. I love the dewy look, it's much more subtle on me.
Have used this for many months! Summer and Winter ~ Covers well without
streaking ~ Covers Brown spots too!
I got my summer shade isnted of my winter shade, but this is still a great
product. The coverage is medium, but its super easy to apply and if you apply a
primer and a setting powder/spray it will stay all day!
I have dry skin and it did nothing for me. No coverage at all.
I always buy expensive makeup and wanted something simple to wear throughout
the day and not have to pay an arm and a leg. I am so impressed with this
foundation, that it is now my GO TO foundation. It is perfect, light, clean
coverage, again I am truly impressed!
ordered this product last night and it came in this afternoon, very dewy and I
like it a lot. It almost compares to the Chanel brand as far as the dewiness
and coverage.
Perfect coverage
I've used this foundation for quite awhile. It goes on well and doesn't take
much. I also like that it also has SPF.
I pictured the bottle being a little bigger but the way I use make up this
product only lasted me a week but if your not an heavy make up user like I am
it could last you some time
I didn’t like it as much. Melts off your face so quickly.
Being very fair skinned, it is so hard to find a foundation that matches. I'm
in the beauty industry. I've tried high end foundations for years and they
always go a little bit to dark when they oxidize. This inexpensive foundation
is the best match I've ever found. It has a nice light dewy finish. I've bought
it over and over again.
Goes on super smooth and blends perfectly with my skin tone.
My wife loves it. Still has to set with powder but other than that 5 stars
I have dry skin and these feel more comfortable than other foundation...but all
the Beige colors are little too yellowish
This product was very easy to apply and very lightweight I don't feel like it's
too much on my face, very breathable and matched my skin and evened out my skin
tone.
Nice foundation for the price, wish the coverage was a little heavier for dark
spots, veins, etc. Got some concealer.
Love this foundation!!! It covers very well. Goes on smooth and easy. Leaves a
touch of glow to your skin.
I had tried the matt first but like the dewy better. It really leaves a nice
smooth look on my face.
I like this product. I use it with the foundation brush I purchased. Great
combo . fantastic coverage It does leave you feeling a little dewey but not
horrible. I have very dry skin so it's not a problem for me. If you have oily
skin I would not recommend this product.
I had an allergic reaction to this I don't know why, I use this brand regularly
but I normally buy it from cvs not Amazon
As a mixed chic, I have on countless occasions found myself disappointed with a
shade too dark or too light. I have fair skin that tends to get dry. Maybelline
did the trick, perfect shade...dewy and soft results.
The perfect foundation. Matches my pale skin without making me look orange.
I love this foundation, it doesn't leave my face super oily even after 10+
hours of wear, and I can do as light or as heavy coverage as I want and it
still looks awesome.
I was in WalGreens when I saw the "Fit Me" display. I walked away from it then
I decided to go back. I tested it on my skin and it was a PERFECT MATCH!!!! I
have been using all the expensive make-up brands because I thought that they
would have the best foundation since they are so pricey. WRONG!!!! I am a true
Maybelline fan now. I love this foundation. I have recommended it to all of my
friends. I know they will love it too!!!!
Always been my favorite foundation! It can make me look oily but I just make
sure I use a good setting powder and blot through the day. This foundation is
very reasonably priced and a staple in my makeup collection
Too runny
Bought this and although it doesn't make me look like a dewy princess, it's
still nice and natural finish, blends out into my skin and looks natural no
cake face
For some reason I can’t check expiration date, it might be fake…
This product is my favorite. I will not use any other product! It is so easy to
apply and it evens out my inperfections.
I was using a powder foundation but thought it made my slight wrinkles look
like canyons. So I gave this a try along with the powder and concealer, along
with a makeup sponge. So please rly surprised and for a good price—
The color was a perfect match for my shin complexion.
Definitely don’t feel like it moisturized because I saw flaky skin after
applying. I used a primer before applying so I was a bit disappointed that it
didn’t go on very well. Feels like weight, but I’m not sure if that’s because
it’s drying?
So smooth and lasts for hours! By far the best foundation and price as well.
Love this!
Covers very well
This is now my go-to foundation because it has the right balance between sheer/
natural and cover, makes touching up dark spots look more seamless when I start
with this foundation. It blends perfectly with my skin tone and that could be
luck but anyway it does and I like that. Doesn't look too tan or too pale. Good
price too.
This product gave me chemical burns and it’s not even the right color. Smells
like sunscreen and leaves skin greasy then burned off.
I am a makeup fan. I have owned and tried so many different foundations, high-
end and drugstore (currently keeping no fewer than 30 bottles and tubes at
home). I really wanted to love this Maybelline one, for many people have agreed
that this was a truly great foundation.But it stings. It gave me the burning
sensation that I have not ever experienced ever in my life. I don't know if it
is the just the bottle I got, or it's the ingredient of this particular formula
that doesn't suit me.I wonder how many people have the same experience, and
also is there any other product out there does this to people?
Wonderful
I tried this side by side with my drugstore purchased version and it is not the
same.
This matches my skin tone perfect and blends easily. It’s not too heavy, but it
lasts most of the day.
I've bought this before. It's pretty awesome. My skin tone is a very light tan.
It's hard for me to find a match for my skin because it's not light, medium or
dark. If you're worried about this being a good color for you and you're
between a darker light skin color and medium, you'll be fine with this. My
friend is medium skin tone and she used it and loved it too. It's like the
color just blends perfectly with your skin tone.
Love it. I only use it for my lace wigs though🤣 I do not wear make up but it
actually still makes my lace match my skin tone.
Unfortunately it broke me out and I won’t be able to use it again. ( Has a
perfume smell) but I liked how pretty it looked.
Im a bit spoiled on decently costly foundation, this stuff didn't quite live up
to my high, and perhaps, unrealistic expectations for foundation. The coverage
is thin and watery to me. If you want light coverage, this might be the
foundation for you, though.
I like this foundation because it feels light with good coverage. I would
highly recommend!
It is true to its name, and is smooth, applies well, and 'fits you'. Since your
ordering online its hard to tell which tone to get but with this it provides
good coverage even if it doesn't match your skin tone completely.
Didn’t like it, was too thick
I am soo happy with it perfectly suits my skin tone
I have dry skin and it does not cling to my dry patches. It does a pretty good
job of covering my rosacea as well. Where it doesn't work is on my unsightly,
large pores. My solution is to mix half of this with half of Fit Me Matte &
Poreless and the two combined are perfection!
Little goes a long way. I have sensitive and very dry skin and this does the
job.. light weight.. not cakey.
I got the fair ivory and it is really orange-y. It is a far cry from anything
“fair” or “ivory”. I’ll never be able to use this and it is just not worth the
trouble of returning. Ugh.
Nice and smooth
Maybelline: Fit Me DewyDark circles under your eyes? Red skin? Dry skin? This
stuff will cover it all up! It fills in those tough spots nicely and doesn't
feel heavy or look unnatural at all. Wish I bought it sooner!
I love it a little darker then the ones in the store for sum reason but it
blends in really well very happy
It can get ashy on me sometimes, but I've found a way to make it work. I use
355 coconut.
Covers well - can be built up. I have dry skin but oily in the T-zone. I set it
in the T-zone with powder. Lasts well through a 5 hour check up. Will buy
again.
Please remove your fragrance free headline. It was NOT fragrance free! And
pr6why several other reviews complained about rashes. Guess what knowing a
product is fragrance free is VERY important to some if us. Please be
responsible sellers! Yes you may lose some sales but are least your reviews and
your selling would be more honest.
One of my favorite foundations!
Ibought this product after purchasing the maybelline fit me 355 n coconut which
was way too light and yellow and immensely mattifying. I then bought the
Maybelline dream velvet in 95 coconut which was also too dark and oxided
horribly darker. i bought this product in 360 mocha with hopes that maybe it
would be a match but alas it is way too dark and it also oxidizes. I decided to
mix the 355 and 360 together because evidently i am a shade in between however
that also went horribly wrong as the 355 has a very yellow under tone and the
360 a red under tone do the result was comparable to the black opal hazel nut
before it oxidizes or the ridiculous new formula in the new Maybelline super
matte line 356 [war coconut]. obviously this was not for me as this brand does
not make my shade. i included a pictures below.
Loved this product came in quick would definitely order again.
Great product. beware as you layer, it gets increasingly darker, even orangey.
Rids the face of heavy pours, covers blemishes, covers dark circles, leaves
skin with a beautiful dewy look, not matted or shiny. I don't always wear
makeup but my skin always feels as if it were healthier the day after.
Absolutely addicted.
Love the shade and texture but after five hours it begins to break down/wear
off.
I guess I shouldn't give this a negative since it is dewy.... But it really
makes my face get very oily very quickly and is most definitely not for someone
with even the slightest bit of oily skin. I think it ends up making my skin
look cakey rather than a light dew.
Item as described. Exactly what I expected. Will buy from again. Fast shipping.
It's great for people with dry skin. Blends well and if you want the matte look
you can just bake and use matte setting spray.
I am using this foundation almost from 4 years. I try many other higher
brands,drugs store foundation nothing work for me.Fit me give Dewy ,smooth,
fresh and its blending so beautifully in my skin.
Tried it because I heard many many good things - everyone claims it's THE drug
store foundation. I'm (unfortunately) accustomed to using high end foundations,
but wanted to give more affordable alternatives a try. Color match was fine -
I'm East Asian and got it in Sandy Beige. However, I was shocked that it could
only go on smoothly with a makeup sponge. Also, there's no pump (?!). That
might've been fine, but then I found that the foundation runs off my face
halfway through the day, leaving it an obvious, patchy oily mess by the end of
the day. A foundation that requires touchup? No thank you!
This was a pretty good pick. It is smooth and goes on nice. Make sure that you
know which shade to pick! The wrong shade is the only way you can go wrong with
this product.
Very easy to spread. Build able coverage. Matches my skin perfect
Like
I was so excited to try this product...but I'm kind of meh about it now. It
definitely matches my skin tone very well, and seems to cover fairly well.
Unfortunately, it's very oily, and after only 2 days of use it's made my
sensitive skin break out. I tried using loose powder with it, but my face still
feels oily. :(Definitely don't rely on the pictures from amazon....visit
maybelline's website first and use their color matcher thing. I almost bought a
shade that would have been way too dark for me.
I like how it blends in easily. And it feels like a light weight formula.
I have oily skin, super prone to breakouts, but this foundation never gave me a
problem.The coverage is perfect. I use very little at daytime and just a bit
more for night (you know, to avoid weird flash photos).It gives skin a dewy,
natural look, so I definitely reccomend it.
I like It🤩🤩🤩
Great coverage
Maybelline Fit Me! products are the best products I've found that do not break
the bank. These products are also the closest I've found to matching my facial
color and last - I would definitely recommend them!
Good foundation
A little darker than I expected but it seemed to blend well and is great, light
weight coverage.
I bought this foundation by mistake, not realizing it's for normal to dry skin.
I have oily and acne-prone skin, and this foundation works terribly for me
because1. It is very difficult to spread out smoothly on my skin. I used a
sponge applier which worked fine for other foundations but not this one.2. It
doesn't cover my acne redness very well and also causes skin irritation.3. The
color is way off than what I had expected.It might still work for normal to dry
skin users as it had intended for. But for oily skin users, please be advised
to stay away from it.
To me this goals net connect with some of the most expensive foundations, and
oftentimes performs much better.
I've purchased this foundation, but have never tried it on. Unfortunately, it
didn't look good with my type of skin, because it wasn't covering my red spots.
I decided to give it to my friend, she has a flawless skin and she loved it and
even asked me to buy her one more.
bought ivory. It has a pink tone and it's light to use.
The product experience is great and worth recommending!
Even though this was slightly (very slightly) lighter than my skin tone, it
blended perfectly and it's great for anyone who's just starting to use
foundation. I have dry skin and this is perfect! I use this with the fit me
powder and concealer and I love how everything works out. This is a great
product!
Favorite foundation so far! I have dry skin, and this isn't oily, but so nice
to my skin.
Smaller than I had expected, easy to apply, inexpensiveDon’t not lasts long but
it’s cute and drug store verified price
It’s runny and you can see every pore in my skin & it doesn’t cover up any
redness in my skin
I normally don't like drugstore brand foundations, as I've found none of them
have really worked well with my dry skin. I've had to go to high end brands to
get the look I want-- But no more!! This foundation is just amazing. Not only
does it match me perfectly, it is not at all drying to my skin. I am pleased to
have found something for a reasonable price that gives me a flawless finish!
I ordered the buff beige, and it is darker that it looks. When I first opened
the package I was worried, but it blended very well and looked better that some
of the more pricey products. It is a little oily if you already have oily skin,
but with powder it is just fine.
Absolutely love the feel and texture of this foundation. It is the perfect
match for my skin so I definitely subscribe to automatically receive this
product monthly. I highly recommend!!
Very smooth and sheer. Yet covers age spots.Also love 15 spf sunblock too
The only possible thing I can say is that this foundation is a bit runny and
can be oily on skin which could cause breakouts.. For me it has worked pretty
good as long as you wash your face at night to remove it. Makes a glow look to
face.
This is one of my favorite products, not new to me so I am very satisfied.
Perfect for everyday look when you dont need the full coverage or no skin
problems.It’s light, makes your skin glow and looks really healthy.
Doesn’t leave my skin oily and all shiny looking! I put this one and hardly
have to add concealer! I love it.
Oh my this my best foundation ever. Little gives you enough coverage. I just
apply ones and I am good to go. I am 360 mocha. Happy they have the Matte in
360, will try that and hope i don't get disappointed. Try this is just
wonderful. Works better than some expensive ones
Exact color my daughter needed. Good matte finish, lasts all day
I just open my package and it's open and leaking. I will be returning it
Very good reasonably priced makeup for my mature skin!
This foundation is a great build able foundation. Easy to use. Can be a heavier
type but it gets the job done!
I am in love with this concealer! It has easy application and does a great job
covering up those under-eye circles. One thing I do have to say is that it is
smaller than I expected, but I will definitely be ordering more in the future!
I don't know about you but when i tried this item and it was burning my eyes
made them watery all the time while i was using this item but after you put it
on it gives you ok look.......
I use this on a regular doesn’t break out my skin.
I’m giving this a two because mainly I liked how they protected the foundation
in shipping. Now it is so much darker than it looks on the phone and it does
not match me at all because I am basically a pale white. This looked like their
lightest shade. Oh boy was it not. Disappointed hope I can return, but probably
can not.
The Fit me! is my go-to foundation. So many shades and such good coverage. I
even bought several other of the FIT me items because I love this foundation so
much.
Very nich
I've always had trouble finding foundations that are light enough but don't
make me look ghostly. Originally in stores I bought the 120 but I found it was
a touch too dark (I'm keeping it for summer months when I'm darker). I liked
the coverage though so I went online and purchased this one (115) and it works
perfectly. Note: I have very fair skin, freckles, blue veins are visible in my
wrists among other places.
This make doesn’t bend easy and it leaves the face looking Cakey don’t
recommend it
I love this foundation! I was using a more expensive foundation as I have dry
sensitive skin. I was so happy to find the foundation gives you a dewy glow and
doesn’t make my skin breakout.
The product it good but not what I was hoping for in relation to my skin. I 50
now and probably need anti aging makeup now. But this product is wonderful.
I have oily skin and I love this. It looks full coverage but natural. It lasts
about 8 hours
This is how my product was delivered. I opened it up for it to be all spilled
in the envelope and empty!!! What a waste of money. Will be requesting a
refund!
This is my favorite foundation to use. And I love the price.
it applies to the face nice
I have very light skin and get super pink at the drop of a hat (seriously, one
cocktail and l could lead Santa's sleigh). This is a very cool tone that blends
really nicely and doesn't feel heavy. I don't like to spend too much on make
up, and this seems like good quality at a bargain price. And it matches my skin
really well - l haven't found a cool tone this light elsewhere
My sister loved it and it is really hard for her to find colors that match her
skin tone! She uses it with a fit me concealer and it all blends well! Good for
people with skin on the dryer side!
First off I got the wrong shade so that's on me. (I got 355 coconut) However,
this foundation is light coverage and is completely unbuildable. It's not bad
to apply to the skin...it has a slight scent. This foundation leaves a nice
dewy look on the skin at first...then after 10 minutes looks both cakey and
greasy. I have dry skin and no matter what primer I use or don't use this never
sinks into my skin and just starts to crease in the most unflattering places.
I was so upset when I went to get my 320 fit maybelline foundation and was told
320 was no more "discontinued".If I wanted I would have to use 315 or 330.A
sales clerk from walmart suggested to look for it online and that what I did.I
just got my order and so happy with everything, Thank you for making it
possible and for such great service.I recommend this seller to all amazon
clintele.`
It's the perfect shade!!
Im usually very picky with foundation and love this one. It is smooth but a
little goes a far way which i love about this product.
I love this - I try other products but always come back to this.
it feels like it would be a good foundation but porcelain is way too dark to be
porcelain
It was broken when they were delivered
I love how it feels, but the color oxides and is too pink for my warm skin.
Not full coverage and does not last all dat but I really like how my skin looks
with this foundation
Love the colour matches my skin stone and its smell good love the way it not
heavy on my face makes look natural and look like am not wearing to much make-
up 😊.
I thought this might be the foundation I was happy with. Not so. Although it is
easily applied, it is very oily. Oily is not even a good description, it's more
like greasy! I had to slather on oil absorbing powder after application of Fit
just to dull the wet look. Oh well, the price is not too bad and I will keep
searching for that perfect foundation.
It's a good foundation and doesn't have a pinkish tone to it. The only problem
I have about this foundation is that when I put it on, I can always see the
foundation streak or it looks dryish. I think it might be bc I'm using a brush
to apply it and I might have to use a sponge, but overall it's alright bc it
gives a really nice glowy appearance and covers most little scars and
imperfections
I was a pretty big fan of the Maybelline Fit Me Matte but I needed some
moisture on my face. I purchased this. It’s my new favorite!!! Will continue to
buy.
I have been wanting to try new make foundation since I have big pores and this
works great. I can see a difference when looking in the mirror since switching
to Fit me foundation. It has not clogged my pores at all which I was concerned
about. I haven't had a single breakout since switching.
One of my favorites!!!!
Love the color
This is not a “true” tone. Order a shade lighter than you normally would
First time trying it and it went beyond my expectations!! Highly recommend
I was to lazy to go out and buy this at the store but I love this foundation.
My favorite foundation. I bought this and the matte and use both cause I have a
half dry half oily face, I swear by them.
Its dewy and medium coverage.
I like that the foundation is easy to apply and that it last long for me.
Nice, I got it for myself but my 16 year old daughter takes it and uses it
regularly
The best foundation I’ve tried and always matches my complexion perfectly, and
can’t beat the price!
I've never used a Maybelline foundation, but my MAC finished and i need to buy
one on a hurry, I saw a good reviews on this one and I gave it a try.It has a
very natural finish, and last almost all day.I'll buy it again!
Great product wrong color for me
The foundation definitely isnt drying and can be used all over your face but no
matter how much you put on a pimple it won’t cover it, it’s too thin. I kept
trying to layer it over my makeup but had to get a tarte stick in addition to
this because it’s just really light in coverage
Let me tell you, Love this make up! It does not rub off or look crappy.I looked
for it at Wal-Mart when I ran out and I was shocked to see it on Amazon. So
happy I could get my same one by scanning it and finding it here at Amazon.
Matches the same I had before. No more waiting for Wal-Mart to have in
stock!Thanks Amazon!
This is my usual brand but with a different finish. I usually use the matte
version (same #) but in this finish the color seems too light without the
pinkish tone I'm use to. Makes me look a bit washed out on its own.
Best Walmart type foundation out there in my opinion. Great coverage and long
wear consistency. I would definitely reccomend this foundation over other drug
store ones.
Spreads well, coverage ok, color wrong which was my fault
Great for dry skin! 110 has yellow undertones which is awesome as it's hard to
find a drugstore foundation that is pale af with yellow undertones instead of
pink.I'll buy again and again.
great foundation if you are on a budget but want a dreamy base. it look very
"my skin but better" it has a radiance finish, medium coverage. it's amazing.
Light on the skin.
The overall feel of this makeup was tacky-ish. I like to feel dry, this made me
aware that I had a layer of cream on, kinda gross to me. The matte variety
worked better for me.
The lid is cracked and it spilled out everywhere on my other items so o can’t
use it I’m so disappointed with this product
In the picture that I had ordered from it was a lot lighter but it was pretty
dark. The picture was just maybe a little misleading. But I will most likely
just go get tan and it will match.
Perfect. Really smoothie. My new fave.
Color was true to what I ordered.
This product is amazing... I am very pale and it is always hard to find a
foundation that won't make me look orange. This porcelain color matched my skin
exactly! I didn't have to use extra powder to try to tone done the color or
anything. It is also very light/thin on the skin but it also provides great
coverage. I would recommend this product to anyone! It changes to match your
skin!! Try it out!
Make up goes on smooth and covers well. Not a heavy make up.
Love the fit me line! Great quality for the price...
Best foundation I've bought and at such a great price. Initially got this dewy
and smooth and loved it but found the matte and poreless and it is amazing. All
the pricey foundations are currently collecting dust. The colour is great for
dark skin tones and blends easily.
Awesome foundation of you are dry but if ur oily I recommend the matte and pore
less ... The only real con I could find was that it didn't have a pump(:(
Smooth,easy to apply
Good price not a good product will show wrinkle lines.
Matches my skin perfectly!!!
This is a part of my foundation collection for my clients and its pretty nice,
a bit of a red/orangey undertone, but it last all night and I also use it on
oily skin. pretty good.and yes its good for darker skin tones.
This is the best budget foundation out there. It is a perfect match for my
brown skin. And the coverage is just perfect.For 6 $ I got 2 bottles, and gets
delivered in 2 days. This is the best price you can get
I love how it covers dark spots and goes on smooth
Good quality product. For the price it works great
I love the way it feels. It delays like satin.
Its not suit for me
Pretty good and Im not a fan of maybeline products. However I feel it's a
little heavy for the summer.
Best foundation ever tried and comparable to Dior airbrush finish. Use the
brand website quiz to determine your color and you will be fine. I will no
longer bounce around foundations. Wish it came in with a pump. I never have
learned how to get foundation out of the pour type.
Perfect fit my favorite so far , it requires just a little touch up because I
don’t like too much foundation , still want it natural so I definitely
recommend
Blends well and it doesn’t cake , very very smooth ! Good for the price
Great product and I also bought it and a few different shades
This is not a review of the makeup itself. However, I was very disturbed that
it arrived without a safety seal on the outside or inside of the container.
That's just not cool. Did someone open it in the warehouse?
I've been using this foundation for years and it's perfect for every day wear.
It provides moderate coverage and normally lasts for 4-6 hours with a primer
and setting spray/powder (I have moderate oily skin).
This is the first time I found foundation that fits my needs
It's a little darker than my complexion however it does look nice.
Good
Very nice blend
Best best best! I’ve tried Armani, Dior, Estée Lauder, fenty foundations and
this one definitely has my heart! Love it! My go to! Pls try it!
Color match was great ..... But it was kinda watery once dry did not relize I
had anything on ....... Not sure how much I like it
I place this order for a friend that is a Professional make up artist, it is
amazing the results you get once you know how to use it. I definitely recommend
this product. Color is just perfect!Fast shipping and excellent customer
service.
I ordered it because I had a gift card and it was actually the right color for
my complexion. Great for when I don’t want to go matte
Love this makeup
Buy it!
I decided to purchase this after seeing many positive reviews for it on
makeupalley. Im glad I did! It goes on smoothly, covers my freckles good and
doesnt have a bad scent. I really like this foundation. Seems to last almost
all day too.
It’s so hard to find quality foundation for very fair skin!
I love the product but I haven’t been on amazon for a while and Then I got a
notice saying I had bought some foundation. But I didn’t.
I love Maybelline as a drugstore makeup choice and this is one reason why. It
lasts all day, doesn't dry or cake. Good medium coverage. Will buy again.
The foundation’s lid was loosened during shipping and it arrived with a pool of
foundation all over. The product itself broke down pretty quickly and ended up
looking very textured during the day. Would not recommend.
It is good! I love it. And it is so cheap too.
This product description on line says it is fragrance free. But on the actual
bottle it lists fragrance as an ingredient. Do not buy if you have fragrance
allergy.
Maybelline is my brand❤️❤️❤️
I really like this product. I've been looking for a winter foundation when my
skin is more dry. This fit the bill. Works well, covers well, and the color
matched my skin tone. I'd buy again.
I just love the look. My skin looks smooth and young.
It is a good product. It did go on a little oily, but the nature of the product
is not an oil based product, it's just kind of shiny at first.
Product blends in well
I give five star product "Maybelline New York Fit Me! Foundation, 110
Porcelain, SPF 18, 1 Fluid Ounce" because the product is needed to tone my
white skin, besides having SPF 18 which is important to me.My package arrived
complete and in excellent condifionesWas worth the wait because it is what I
needed, I'm sure I'll share again.
This is as good, better than some, as several high priced foundations I have
used in the past.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Color is so accurate. Love it. Doesn’t leave to glossy or too matte. Just
perfect
I wore it all day! I work with kids. It lasted the entire day
Great product but be careful because the shade was way darker than it appeared.
i have a dry skin. and this produce is good for dry skin
Couldnt even use it this picture is very misleading you think toffee would be "
dark skin" when i received it, it was more of a walnut color. Why im so
generous with this review i gave it to my sister and she loved it. i would say
know your color before you purchase because these pics does no justice.
Perfect color
I wasnt sure what to expect from the price, but I am impressed! It's good
coverage & blends nicely! I plan on purchasing more!
Fit me line is the best. I'm color 220 and it feels nice.. it has a yellow
undertone. I also have dry skin so the dewy foundation works great. It's like a
medium coverage but I'm sure you can build up.
It's ok.... I probably would like it better if I had gotten a darker shade, the
shade I choose was to pale!
PROS:- Almost a full coverage foundation- In the ranks of the high end
foundations- Feels very natural on the skinCONS:- Makeup consistency is runny-
Dries too quick- It wears off after about 6-8 hrs.
**Edit**This arrived completely busted open. All of the liquid foundation was
out of the container and smeared all over the inside of the box. I told amazon
about it coming broken and they shipped me another one right away! It arrived
in perfect condition and didn't cost me any extra! I changed my review and my
rating from 1 star to 5.
Made me look tanned, smelled ok tho.
It works really great 🥰
xcellent ... Affordable..
Good
Another awesome purchase the stores have taken this maybelline fit me # 320 off
the shelves for some reason so I saw that Amazon was selling it . Someone I
know told me I look vibrant this fit my natural skin color.
This was requested as a gift. The recipient was very pleased with it.
Great product and FAST shipping!
I'm darker skinned. About a NW 45 in Mac makeup and I use this as both a normal
foundation and I contour and highlight with this. Its not heavy and it doesn't
break me out even though I have hella oily and sensitive skin. K sweat a lot as
well living in south florida but this stuff treats my skin well.
Purchased a while ago and still have so much left. Makes my skin look and feel
great
I like it
I like how smooth & easy this goes on. It does not settle into lines and does
not accentuate pores. Need a good pressed powder to set this as it seems to be
a moisturizing foundation. I've tried a lot of drugstore foundations & enjoy
this one a lot. After continued use, I find it important to use a pressed
powder as it will look greasy after a while.
Not the first time using it! I love it
I’ve used other expensive foundations, Fenty,MAC, etc... Was not expecting for
this one to be perfect for my very dry skin type
My first time using it and it works pretty well. Its a very good buildable
foundation.
Let me first say that I LOVE Maybelline products. I was really excited to
finally try this particular shade of FIT ME foundation because I love the other
FIT ME products so much. I wasn't at all pleased with the way that my makeup
arrived. There was absolutely no safety seal on the makeup. I ordered this and
it came opened so I sent it back for a replacement and that one again came with
no safety seal on the bottle. I can't use makeup that has already been opened.
I'll just have to find a better deal elsewhere.
Product color was perfect but unfortunately no good for my combo skin came out
looking oily but kept it to mix in with my regular foundation for nights out
does give a dewy look! Happy with the product would buy a different type next
time!
If you have a yellow tone in your skin but are of Indian origin with lighter
skin this will work well. It's my go to foundation! Goes on very smoothly and
provides excellent coverage.
Came with two bottles but one was broken. It is a great product though. I just
sent it back and they sent me new unbroken ones.
It’s a great product but not for oily skin.
Worth the price
Not only did it NOT have a seal , it’s not the original foundation like the one
in the picture. I was hoping for the original foundation. Having no seal on it
is very unsafe and unsanitary to me. Trash since I can not returned it
This color was too dark for me, but otherwise really good foundation
Product is great! Lasts long as well!
I have been wearing makeup since I was 14. I have had the expensive and the
cheap. This product is not something I recommend. It seems very watery, when
shaked first, the foundation was still very oily in appearance, and looked so
on my face too. Color also was not a good choice, but this is always something
you have to be cautious about when ordering makeup online (or even at the
store!) With makeup it's hard to tell until you put it on if the color will be
a match or not. I didn't like this, it didn't feel or look natural, felt and
looked like I had heavy makeup on.
Extremely happy with this foundation. I have dry skin and it leaves my face
dewy and soft. Great quality for the price.
This is a great foundation! It blends well and the coverage is great. I would
buy it again!
Maybe it’s maybellineLove it
Looks and feels great!
Excellent product. Lies on the skin nicely and blends out easily. For the price
I would highly recommend. Have tried the 110 (porcelain) and 115 (fair), which
are fairly interchangeable with fair have a slightly more pinkish hue to it.
This shade was FAR too dark and orange and I ordered the lightest porcelain.
I've used this before and it was light and neutral undertone. This is so orangy
and dark I cannot use it. It's going in the trash. Thank goodness it was only
$4 something. I just don't think it's real. Furthermore, I'm pretty sure it was
a return. Under the lid was goopy. Showing picture of another Maybelline
foundation in same color.
I have sensitive skin, plus I'm 71 and my face is somewhat dry. This product is
terrific! I slather on moiturizer, let it set, and apply foundation with a
cosmetics wedge (:although using your fingers or a brush works out just as
well!). Excellent coverage.
This product is very oily and turned orange upon apply it and way too oily /the
wrong color. Would not repurchase in the future. I really love Maybeline
products and I wanted to like it. But was returned
Love this product gies on well and stays on
Not great for everyday wear. Makes me sweat while I'm at work
Good Foundation. I have very dry skin. It works good to my skin. And I think
this foundation works better than high price foundation.
This product was great and exactly what was described, a great price and fast
shipping. Unfortunately it was much darker than I expected! However great
product and had I known the right one to match my skin,the product it would
have been perfect!
Love this foundation! Works great for my skin type!
My favorite foundation. Beats any other for me!
I love the fact that it came in time as stated. It is the same color shade
which I picked.I only disliked the fact that the bottle was not sealed.Great
product quality & covering!
This stuff is great it makes my skin super-soft! It's almost as good as my
makeup forever from Sephora!
Was a little too dark for my skin but at least I'll know that for next time
JUST OK...GOOD FOR SIMPLE COVERAGE
It was to red
I loved it!! By far my favorite ever
I use a beauty blender and this product goes on much nicer and cleaner looking
than the matte foundation. Will definitely be buying this again.
Perfect color!
I absolutely hate foundation. It feels like I have a film on my face. I finally
found a foundation that I can't feel at all. This stuff works great and covers
up blemishes. Definitely recommended.
It’s smooth and gives sufficient coverage for everyday use.
Really like this product! I was using the other kind for so long but have dry
skin always and this works beautifully.
Loved this product! It's so high and so affordable..would definitely reccomend
it.
Fav drugstore foundation for everyday natural look
I love the Fit Me foundation. It is easy to apply, has a smooth finish, doesn't
clog my pores, and lasts all day. I prefer this foundation over some high end
brands.
Been using this foundation for years!
I love this foundation! Perfect shade and goes perfect for my dry skin. I got
many compliments and it looks great! Thank you maybelline!
I liked this product. It is Dewey but I need Dewey. Color was right on. Stayed
on all day. When I took of off my skin was smooth.
I'm 51, this makeup looks the best on me
It makes my skin really smooth is not drying so is good for dry skin
Its best for my skin type
in what world is this classic ivory?? i swatched it and put it on my face and
it’s brown/orange. will be returning. 😡 don’t order if you are pale! “classic
ivory” the lightest shade is very tan!!
I absolutely love this concealer! It blends well and absolutely leaves that
dewy look.
Love buying this on Amazon instead of in store where it's a little more. Just
make sure you know your skin tone.
A lot of porcelain and ivory shades in other brands are quite dark for really
pale people, like myself.. I searched for the perfect product and stumbled upon
this product about 3 years ago and I can't imagine not having it. I love that
it is decently priced and I honestly cannot say enough good things about this
product
This blended right into my skin and fit my complexion. It does seem to wear off
during the work day. Price is right though.
Perfect for dry skin. For my combo skin it left a nice medium coverage with a
dewey finish. I used both the beautyjunkees flat top kabuki and sephora
foundation brush with a comparable outcome.
What my woman uses and wanted, worth it.
love it. makes my skin look flawless
This “porcelain” is extremely dark and very orange. Terrible. It’s also
wayyyyyy darker than the porcelain in the matte and poreless version. Both are
shade 110.
LOVE the color and finish but isnt a "stay" product so oily girls will have to
check every 2 hours or so. Again, keep that Mally compact handy and try
different primers.
Just what I was looking for.
I really like the dewy smoothness of this foundation. It's very light and not
full coverage but that's what I wanted for everyday use.
Good coverage, lightweight, gives skin a dewy look
Love it! Just buy the right shade.
Works good and is cheap.
This might have been okay if I had gotten the right color. The 210 Sandy Beige
has quite a yellow tint imo. I need a more pinkish hue for my skin color. It
had to go back. Just be careful before ordering and maybe check other sites for
info on color before ordering on here.
This foundation is much pinker and several shades darker than the picture
shows.It’s so off that I can’t even mix it with other products to save it.
I've used so many products. But this is the best of them all.
Love it. Light weight and my exact color
Color not as dark as pictured but the makeup is lovely.
Not real maybelline. Idk if they added something else to the bottle or what but
it doesn’t look anything like my bottle I already had. Is much lighter then the
shade I have which should be identical to the one I ordered. But the label was
not on correctly either and it just doesn’t apply or look the same. Wouldn’t
buy my foundation from this seller again lol
One of my favorite foundations
Wonderful - love this makeup - and a great deal! Two for one!!
Pros: light light medium coverageCons: too sheer like a bb creamOilyToo
pinkyRegular matte Fit me is wayyyyy better. I will buy the regular next
time.Also the shipping was an arm and leg.I will just walk to my nearby walmart
next time. Oh well.
easy to apply and quick dry, loved it.
Works great overall, love it!
Product came damaged in undamaged shipping box.
Its a bit oily but works good, add powder or a bronzer and it sticks!
the color does not look like in the picture. It came 3 times darker . Very
disappointing
New York Fit Me is one of my wife's favorite makeup lines. We decided to switch
to amazon to purchase her makeup. This foundation has always been her favorite
and causes no irritations. She applies it once in the morning and has no
complaints!
The color is just right for me; a good foundation with light to medium
coverage. Our local WalMart never seems to have it in stock so it is good to
find it on Amazon.
I like this product. I've used it for years with good results. Colour 120
matches my skin well. This is easy to apply. It does require touch up later in
the day, but so do all the others too.
I love this foundation. The consistency is perfect. No bad smell. Doesn't feel
heavy. Good coverage. A little pink for my skin but I can make it work with
some setting powder. My go-to everyday foundation.
Bottle came unsealed in any way. It’s so sheer that I might as well wear
nothing. It doesn’t even out anything. At least it wasn’t heavy and gross. I’ve
never needed foundation before you I wouldn’t be used to feelingIt. I might try
one shade darker but I would trust it more if I purchased from a store.
doesn't blend on my face well and is flaky
Amazing, I got 230 and it matches my skin color perfectly plus it came 3 days
after ordering it. I love it I love it I loveee it. Probably gonna order again
!
good coverage, dries fast
I have been using this foundation ever since I started even wearing makeup
because of the price. I love it and it's usually my go-to if I wanna look good
for any occasion. :)
Goes on easy and smooth , does not settle like a lot of cheap coverage
I'm very disappointed that this item came without a tamper proof seal! I
remember buying this at the store at one point and it had a seal? Anyway, I
tried the product and I got a terrible allergic reaction. See picture and you
will see. It caused all these red bumps on my face which is not normal. I've
used it before but it was a few years ago? Maybe I got a defective product? It
looked good when I applied it, so I didn't think anything of it. After a few
hours of wear though, I took it off and found all these nasty red bumps! I'm
sad that this happened.
Pretty decent foundation, came out lighter than I expected but I was blindly
buying on the internet without first testing it.
Fit Me is just that, it fits my complexion so well, it's like my skin. Find
your color and the fit is on. I will be buying this foundation again.
Translate review to English
Been using this foundation for a long time tried them all the high end branded
foundation but nope..... keep coming back to this Maybelline Fit Me is the
Sh#T!!! And package came sooner than expected and also undamaged keep up no
complains here
Beautiful product
Easy to apply, lasted a while, but not through the day ( I did not use any
primer, so maybe that makes a difference) Overall nice product.
Wow! This is the best foundation I have ever used! I threw out my very
expensive ones. Useless compared to this! I have told all my friends and they
are now in love just like me.
I have very dry skin and this gives me coverage without drying out my skin
it has makeup smeared on the outside of the lid, and about half of the actual
product is missing.
Great buy
Love this foundation. Full coverage that lasts all day. And this price is
great!!! Almost half off drugstore prices.
a very nice liquid foundation that provides medium to full coverage, beautiful
finish and lasts all day.the only Con I have for this product is that it takes
a lot longer to dry or set which makes me think twice before using it in a
typical busy morning.
The shade is not the same as the one I bought at the drug store, yet it's
called the same. No good.
I just wish for what you pay there was more in it.
Beautiful formula but the color is way off. The picture looks almost coco but
in person it really your medium light. I ended up giving to my sister that's
honey brown skin tone.
Great product. Was suggested by a friend and glad I got it.
This is a very good makeup, HOWEVER, I purchased it before I needed it because
it was at a discounted price. Last weekend I was packing and noticed that my
current Fit makeup was almost empty so I grabbed the 'new' Fit makeup I
purchased from Amazon. When I got to my weekend destination and opened the
bottle IT HAD BEEN PREVOIUSLY USED, GROSS. The lid and glass bottle grooves was
covered with dried makeup, the color was even altered, possibly due to it being
old and used. It's too late for me to return the used makeup ….so buyer
beware!!
to get full coverage you may have to apply several coats
This is a great price for a great foundation. Just wish i would have ordered a
lighter shade.
Love this product. It’s my makeup of choice now.
I don't like it it feels greasy to wear
It smelled really bad, as if it was old and or fake.
118 light beige is too pink and too dark for me. Photo swatch appears very
different. I will try mixing it with something else.
Maybelline a wonderful job on this make up I have combination skin and it
covered and made my skin look flawless 😍 thanks Amazon/Maybelline
I just love this foundation period!!
Great as alwae.. Have been rebuying this for a while now, great shade, great
application.
Like the way it looks on, but I need to get a lighter shade
Great product . For the price it does as it shall good product .
This foundation is great! Doesnt feel cakey after a long day at work and blends
perfect.
Thats perfect match for my skin
Exact match to skin tone.
This is my favorite foundation! It’s a great price for a really good
foundation.
I loved everything about it. It was the perfect shade that really fit me. I
gave it four stars because I received it unsealed @@
Perfect for my skin which is a mix between oily and dry
GreasyColor darker than depictedLittle coverage
Translate review to English
Love.love.love. it's such a good product, it matches my skin perfectly
Great price and great foundationMedium coveredSmells goodFeel creamy
My go to foundation that is at a reasonable cost. The only thing is the final
finish is very oily looking so I usually have to use a powder to clean it up.
I'm very satisfied with product, ordered 3 times
looks more orangy in person but has good coverage
Translate review to English
It was what I wanted.
I wish it could be thicker and more coverage
It doesnt last long at all but not drying and matches well.
Great. My skin is easily irritated so I typically need hypoallergenic products;
this doesn't cause any reactions.
1 shade darker than photo
I just got open unsealed foundation, it feels like I got water added
foundation,very disappointed.
I like this product it blended really well with my complexion.
I like to use the Dewy shades in winter when my skin is dry and the Matte
shades in summer when my skin is oily. I love FIT me!
was open when i received very messy i though it away
I love it because it’s really buildable and really covering and I just love it
its great. sometimes its hard to get it to set
The shade, saturation and coverage are just what they are advertised to be.
Great product for the price.
This provides great coverage for the price.
Loved it! makes my complexion more even. It is a little lighter than I expected
it to be but the formula is great!
Love this stuff.
Really like this product. My skin looks brighter and it feels light on my face,
which I like.
Full coverage and blends easy. I just need a lighter shade.
My daughter loves this product I have this on subscription service for her
Amazing application, it didn't come damage or anything . Totally gonna buy this
a second time .
One of the few foundations I keep coming back to, because it matches my skin
and blends in SO well. I never have to worry about it looking obvious that I'm
wearing foundation, but I also never have to worry about it not covering where
it counts.
I purchased this for my daughter. She is pleased with the coverage she gets
with this smooth foundation. It is a good color for her.
My favorite formula out of all of their products! Not too dewy but also great
coverage!
I always use this foundation because it covers lightly and blends perfectly.
When you order-make sure the shade is lighter than you want-I received a shade
more suited for my summer-tan.
good coverage
Love it it fit me easy to apply
Got the wrong color otherwise I think I might have liked it better
Great cover up!! Even nice tone. moisturizing!!
color is OK, but not easy to apply.
All I can say, is if you're over 50, pass on this one. It's very drying,
emphasizes pores & wrinkles, & broke apart (even with Primer over my dry skin)
after 4 hours! On an up note: after trying nearly every drugstore brand,
looking for an Affordable HOLY GRAIL, (since they discontinued Revlon Colorstay
Whipped - my holy grail), I think I found one! MISHA BB CREAM SPF 45, right
here on Amazon! It's $7.00 ladies! It feels high-end, like the Clarins & Chanel
I used to wear, before my budget shrunk due to retirement.
Great everyday foundation
was as expected
Love this foundation but my skin is oily and tends to rub off easily I try and
powered it often during summer
Great makeup. Blends really well and matches skin great. Doesn't leave face
greasy and doesn't leave too much of a shine. I recommend this product to
everyone looking to try a new foundation.
I’ve purchased this product at stores before & noticed a completely negative
difference with the amazon ordered quality. It’s really watered down, smells
like baby powder, & I noticed it was giving me blemishes where I had applied
it. I would recommend just going to the store to purchase this. Overall not the
same makeup experience I’ve had with these prior.
Noice.
This is a really great foundation cream. Apply with a brush by dabbing on once
you apply to your skin with your finger. Works great over a concealer. I
recommend this if you are looking for a good foundation cream. I will probably
stay with this one from now on.
Goes on easily w/ a sponge. Covers nicely, although it is oily looking once
applied, but using the matching powder brushed over- makes the finish matte-
very nice! Covers nicely all day. And this foundation is low on the toxic side,
according to Skin Deep Cosmetic Database.
Dewy and good coverage
I actually really like this cover up. It does have fairly strong scent that I
don’t care for.
The foundation has nice fluidity & goes on evenly.
Easily my favorite foundation. It's the closest thing I can find to MAC
foundation at a fraction of the price. The finish is soft as powder with a
lovely coverage without feeling Casey or dry. Blends beautifully for an even
finish
I have a bit of dry skin and this didn’t make me dry.
Cheap and I love it better than what I was using!
This is the best drug store foundation. It's one of the best full coverage
foundation and I really like it. This foundation covers all my acne scars. I
highly recommend it and I will purchase
Its next to natural and gives a seamless flawless look..
it's so great and fits my skin tone perfectly, it goes on evenly and gives me
full coverage, goes patchy at the end of the day though :)
Finally I found a shade of foundation that matches my skin! Love it.
I love is just a little lither than i expected.
Great coverage ! One of my favorites .
It’s very smooth & not to thick which is perfect
I prefer a dewy finish, so this is outstanding!
I prefer this Fit Me foundation to the matte one. It is much less drying and
feels pretty weightless
Its difficult to be a return customer when there’s no consistency in the
product. I ordered the same shade in the same finish and received something
completely different. I’m a very fair redhead. I can’t use something that looks
like artificial tanner.
This is very nice, the coverage & color are good. I am now 50 so I worry about
emphasizing wrinkles. This looks good, makes my face appear 15 years younger.
Love this foundation does not make my face look cakey
I really love this foundation it complements yours skin and its not cakie it
gives your skin a glow
This is supposedly classic ivory. I think not! It is even darker in person. It
was not sealed when it came, so who knows what I really have.
Fit me is my fav I hope they make it for a very long time.
I am so fickle when it comes to foundation, but I really love this stuff.It
doesn't leave my skin greasy and it provides great coverage. Love the SPF.About
my skin: Late 20s. Fair with lots of rosy tones. Combination skin with oily t-
zone and dry everywhere else.
Everything was good minus the color! I got shade 120 classic ivory because
that’s the shade I always get in maybelline fit me products and this foundation
was WAY darker than usual
Love this foundation, goes on smooth, has good coverage and is a great price!
good drug store foundation, use for my everyday wear
It was darker than I thought it would be especially since I ordered "Ivory". It
also dries quickly so you have to spread quickly. Other than that Its a good
foundation and especially for the price!
The matte Porcelain and the dewy Porcelain are two totally different colors. I
normally get the matte but the matte was going to take another week to come in.
Thinking like any other brand the color regardless of sheen is the same.
Unfortunately that wasn’t the case here. Very disappointed in the inconsistency
of their color pallet
This foundation is ok, but it's really thin almost like tinted moisturizer. Not
for those who are looking for medium or full coverage! The Classic Ivory Color
(120) is a little darker and pinkish than what I usually get as a very fair,
pale complexion. But it'll probally work fine for summer.
Great product!!!
Love this lightweight foundation. Provides dewy look with medium coverage
The foundation is OK. It is a little darker then expected, and mine came
looking like a little had been used (was not full). Did not provide as much
coverage as I would have hoped.
Goes on great and just the right thickness to hide slight imperfections without
looking caky.
Love this product.
I wasn’t impressed with this foundation. I thought it would be awesome after
reading all of the positive reviews. It’s very greasy/oily. Doesn’t blend all
that well. It sits in the fine lines and wrinkles. Doesn’t stay put. Started
rubbing off immediately. Not the right color tones for very fair skin.
Absolutely love it!
I have used it only once so far but I'm in love with it so far. Since I wasn't
able to determine my shade just by looking at pictures I went to the pharmacy
to check my tone. I chose the Perfect color. Very happy.
Sits ok, a little thick for my liking but not full coverage, that weird kind of
in between. Colour is not as light as I would have liked but is the lightest
that it comes in.
A nice product overall
It's just alittle too oily.... Maybe it's just my skin idk
I love this! Goes on easy and does not look like I have on makeup - evens out
my complexion and covers minor blemishes.Wonderful product.
Like others, or pretty much everyone has said, the color is horrible. I even
went a few shades lighter to try to get close to a match but ivory ended up
being pumpkin orange. Don’t bother. Just pay the extra $3 to get it at a store
so you don’t end up with the wrong color.
This order was for my wife, I suppose it is ok since she has not complained
though
It’s a bit oily but I will purchase again
I love this brand of foundation.
This foundation doesn’t have very good coverage, it’s a very think formula.
It’s also just looks flaky and cakes on my dry skin. It’s also not very easy to
blend. It might be alright if you are looking for little coverage and have
normal to oily skin.
This "fit" matte foundation is absolutely the best I've ever used. It goes on
so smith and lasts all day. Thank you to that seller.
Works okay but makes my skin look oily and makes me break out more.
it was open and it spilled all over
This product made the skin around my nose look drier than usual, wasn’t smooth
looking at all. Was hopeful of this product due to the reviews but it didn’t
work well for me.
Does not spread easily if you can get it out of the bottle. I don’t recommend
or buy again.
This foundation really blends well and doesn't settle in creases I use it every
day and it is my favorite liquid foundation I have had in a while. :)
It did not come with an applicater and was the wrong shade. very disappointed.
I LOVE this product. It's actually a tad bit dark for me (complexion of Kelly
Rowland from Destiny's Child), but I mix it with BB Cream the medium color and
it matches my skin perfectly!
Little disappointed. I thought coverage would be better.
I'm used to using brand name cosmetics, but this wasn't bad
Love it
I love this foundation! It goes on smoothly and doesn't look cakey but gives
you full coverage to hide blemishes. Bye bye Mac.
Excelente Producto. Gracias.
Anything by maybeline is great. Delivery was good and packaging was good.
I usually use Matte and poreless. I thought I would try the Dewy and smooth. I
received HALF OF A BOTTLE. I am so angry that I got screwed over. I have a pump
that I put in my bottles that don't have pumps. When I opened up the bottle to
add the pump, half the damned bottle was already gone. I sure as hell didn't
pay half price. I don't know if it was Maybelline or the seller but I won't be
buying from either one, again. I'll stick to my NYX.
The color is fine and it blended well, but the oily feeling it gave me was not
good at all. I felt like my face was greasy the whole time I wore it and
couldn't wait to get it off. I am used to using bare minerals, but have also
tried the Mary Kay Timewise foundation and definitely liked the Mary Kay
better. Maybe I should have gone for the Matte rather than dewy and smooth.
I like this product
Good
Great color and makeup.
Was okay - wouldn't order again, tho.
The shades with an odd number are really warm. This one is too orange for me.
The finish looks nice on my skin, other than the color.
My favorite go to foundation, great coverage, great feel
NO real complaints
Do not buy it it’s not the same as a the store brought item I broke out in
major hives !!!!
I have no complaints about this makeup
BETTER THAN SOME MORE EXPENSIVE BRANDS ...WILL BUY AGAIN
This is the only foundation i will use. It has good coverage and does not leave
my face feeling oily at all. I get the color 330 and it blends with my skin
perfectly and you can barely tell that i am wearing makeup.
Good product.
Absolutely in love with this foundation. It's my new go-to when before it was
the Loreal Pro-Glow.
Don’t buy
Great
love this foundation matches my skin and blends easy
My favorite foundation. Blends well with dark skin tones
Matches skin color well.
She didn't like the product was runny
There is nothing I dislike about this product.
I really like this foundation - good match for my skin tone - doesn't make me
face look like it's painted on. Will purchase again.
works with my skin tone
Not greasy, but also not flaky. Natural looking. Good range of colors. Good
medium coverage. I used to use a high-end department store brand for years that
was discontinued and I must say, I like this better, and for a third of the
price.
Genuine product
👍
So far so good,I love it
Great product with good setting powder
O-M-G i loveeeee it will definitely buy again
I have very light skin (red hair) and thought Classic Ivory would be right for
me but it is way dark for my complexion. Very disappointed.
Love it
I love this makeup. It stays on, wears well, flawless finish! I love it!
Really a nice foundation. Smooth and great coverage. Barely feels like I’m
wearing any makeup at all!
I swear by this foundation. It is the only foundation I have found that does
not seem to turn my pale skin a frightening shade of orange a few hors after
applying. I would recommend this product to anyone who has fair skin like
myself.
Great value.
The foundation works beautifully but online it look much lighter than it is I
am a medium leaning toward the darker so this honey beige color should fit. It
doesn't; it's way too dark for my skin. I'm disappointed because I can not use
it. :(
The coverage on this was just about non existent. Waste of money.
Too light for my complexion I will give to my daughter to see if it will work
for her.
I've been using this product for years. I hope Maybelline stays with this
formula! It's perfect!
great to cover my age dots
A little too light for my complexion, however I mixed it with my other
foundation and it worked just lovely.
Long lasting and applies evenly w/ beauty blender.
Wasn’t the best coverage
I'm fair with pink undertones. I use 120 and it is perfect for blending with my
skin color while diguising the pink/red when my cheeks get very flushed.
Decided to order online since my local pharmacy always runs out of 120!
This shade suits me perfectly. It has a nice medium coverage. Its a bit shiney
after application, but i can fix it with some powder. Its not the best for
summer though but i will deffinetly use it during winter when my skin is much
drier.
Love it
Good product. Exactly as described.
I love this foundation. Light but covers and evens skin tone. I bought some
Laura Mercier stuff for a million dollars and use it if I'm desperate and it's
the only thing I can find. Prefer this over heavier coverage foundations.
This foundation from Maybelline is a little bit oily and I would like it to
last more. But it's still good stuff.
Love
good coverage...
Love this stuff and I love the price even more
Like it
I have dry skin, which this makeup was supposed to work well for. Instead, it
created thousands of tiny white flecks on my face, none of which could be seen
before using it! It looked truly awful. My unadorned skin looks a lot better! I
will have to discard it. It did have one positive quality: I have very fair
skin, and the color match was good...but that didn't make up for the white
flecks, which I guess were showing up every pore.
This is really nice to have especially in the winter makes your skin look alive
and I'm here for it
I have dry skin and acne. And this is awesome for my flakey skin! Ive looked
and looked, tried everything to make my skin look good and here is the answer.
Love it went in smooth all Day Coverage I fell Asleep in my makeup still looked
good I Love It !! I will buy it again
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
I really liked this at first but after a few weeks of wearing my face started
breaking out. Seemed to not protect my skin enough from my work environment
I’ve never had breakouts and have worked the same place for 15 years until
starting to wear this.
I really like to love this but it just not enough. If you are looking for a
full coverage then this is NOT for you. I bought the MATTE one and that is way
better than this DEWY type. I keep on reapplying but it just wont cover that
much. Also, the first time I spread it, I felt blah and not amazed. Then, it
took me hours before I experienced the “DEWY” effect on my face. This is not
just for me. I’ll stick with the Matte type.
Obsessed with this foundation
Perfect
I love this foundation, it keeps my skin feeling moisturized all day. Super
easy to blend and use!
My favorite cheaper foundation.
Love this makeup. Blends well and feels light on the skin.
Good foundation but I gave it 4 stars because its not suitable for oily or
combination skin types
I always used the fit me matte pore less but live up north and having dry skin
I switched and glad I did,
Luckily I can mix this one with my darker foundation and I can create my
perfect match!
Let me tell you this foundation is really... difficult. At first I tried it out
and HATED it, i thought it has no coverage and my face looked greasie as hell.
And then saw a video of a makeup artist loving it.....--You have to use a
sponge, not a brush, not your fingers cause it will look awfull.Good for dry-
normal skin.VERY light coverage, almost like you are not wearing foundation at
all.And the color Pure Beige makes my face look red-pink looking... ew
Arrived very early and I love the inexpensive price I paid for the makeup. If I
buy in store it's more expensive. HAPPY SHOPPER!
it doesn't have a pump so it is a little messy to pour. blends in alright.
Nothing
I like, the color is perfect for latin yellow skin, looks natural.
Nice coverage and right shade
Stays on a long time with a primer
I love this foundation - I can easily put it on quickly before work and I can
reapply as needed but I usually don't need to.
Not very dewy but more satin finish.
Goes on smooth. Lasts all day.
Good
Color is fine but I find myself using more setting powder as it is overly
"dewy". Not my favorite foundation.
It doesn’t have alcoholGreat but other than that there is nothing to loveIt’s
way too dark for a light version but I would not buy another shadeIt SOOO
oily!!!! Face is like a shining one as if I applied some oil on it !!! Very
runny . Bad choice
This product ended up making me break out, and hurt my skin. It wasn't the
right consistency as other Maybelline foundations I've used before. But Amazon
was AMAZING and refunded me, no Hassel at all! It could have just been a
defective bottle.
Don't understand why Mabelline discontinued this color, fits me perfect, none
of the other FIT ME shades look as good and have not found another brand that
blends with my skin tone like 320, bring it back PLEASE!!
Soft natural look
The only problem I have with this makeup is that it makes my face feel really
oily.
was cakey on your skin.
Fabulous
use when my baby was in dance it worked real well
i like it
Very good
this product does get oily, but it gives great coverage, and i mix it (the 110)
with manic panic virgin white for goth makeup and works great. just make sure
you use a powder like elfs color corrector and its the best product ever!
It’s good makeup just wasn’t my shade.
The color was a lot darker than the one in the store. i got the lightest shade
and it was too dark compared to the one I bought from the store.
Smaller than I thought, but that's my fault for not paying attention to the
size! It's my favorite foundation though, I've been using it for a while now.
☺️
I'm a pale girl. And this stuff looks pretty chalky on me. It's also giving me
some skin issues. I have to make sure to get it completely off my skin, which
is a little difficult with just cetaphil as a wash. I use it sparingly, when I
have to have a foundation--I don't generally like wearing foundation anyway--
but I'd prefer to avoid it. I wish I could find something that wasn't so "ick"
for when I need to have a foundation on...que sera.
Thus product isn't the same quality as the one is buy at CVS or one of those.
This is very thin and runny! Will be asking to return it!
Hands down my favorite foundation.
i bought it when i was in USi took it as a gift to my sister it is very good
and the price so cheapin my country its for 25$i advise you to buy ,, Dont
think :)
love it, matches pefect
Best foundation I have bought
Love the way it’s smooth .
✅
Perfect
Fit me does Fit me, great coverage and easy to apply.
great product came in fast it's a really great definitely would buy again
I'm happy with this Maybelline product, I love the coverage you get. It does
have a bit of a shine and I like to wear a little powder over it, and or mix it
with moisterizer if I want lighter coverage.
I really like this shade and it really works well with my skin and skin type.
I ordered this online, since my local stores don't carry the lightest shade.
110 is a perfect match for my albaster skin =) Gives a medium coverage. Appears
to last all day, and feels light on the skin; this hasn't made me breakout.
Did the shade test on the Maybelline page, but even then, "Pure beige" was too
dark for my skin!
I love it
I like this foundation, it's very light coverage. You really should see the
colors at a store before ordering online.
Good product. Good pigment. Doesn’tast long.
I am not happy that this comes to you without a factory seal. In my opinion,
that is a problem. I don’t buy cosmetics without a safety seal.
I have really dry skin so I never can find a foundation that match my skin and
don't make it dryer. I didn't wear this much because it didn't match my skin
Good foundation l have had better would not buy again
Great color!!!
Translate review to English
Is it real
My daughter thought this foundation shade would be just right for her. Make up
always makes a good gift for the daughters. They like to try new things, it is
good to find things that don't cost an arm and a leg.
Perfect
I have very sensitive skin and breakout with anything I put on my face. This
stuff applies really well with a brush applicator and does not harm my skin. I
never breakout or get any irritation.
Product description states that this is fragrance-free, but it is not as shown
in the listed ingredients. I returned, since I have rosacea prone sensitive
skin & cannot use.
Exactly what I wanted, fast shipping n all
I love it
Happy with it !
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Ty
My face
Goes on smooth and doesn't rub off.
This product has made my face look so natural and fresh and has blended perfect
with my skin tone and I just feel so confident and good about how i look now. I
defiantly look forward to buying it again in the future.
love it
First time I was able to buy a foundation online that actually matches my
complexion. Very pleased with this product.
Considering how inexpensive it is, it works great and matches well.
Just the right shade. Very smooth.
It is pretty good, but not for oily skin or a very hot weather! It is very
liquid also, so you have to be very carefull when using it. Also, doesn't last
that long and melts really easy.
Translate review to English
In love with this foundation. This was my second purchase from Amazon for the
same product, and continue to buy as long as they're available here.
Although I did my homework on this, it ended up being bad quality and very
water quality. Not worth my buy.
Even though this is a good product it doesn't have enough colors, it's still
too dark for me
very good
considering the price that you're paying, it's definitely a great product.
This is my favourite drug store brand liquid foundation. It may just because I
found a brand that matches my skin tone nicely.. but it isn't too thick or
thin, not too greasy, and a nice medium coverage.
Arrived cracked
its a perfect shade dupe for mac nc42
This foundation is pretty oily. I have to use a powder over it otherwise my
face shines like crazy. This foundation also rubs off easily so I find myself
having to reapply throughout the day.
The make up has the right combination of moisture and thickness. Skin needs to
be properly exfoliated, as usual. I am lucky to have found the right
color......they better not disco it!!
