




a-size-base 3
I recently migrated to Apple after many years using a wide variety of PCs
running Windows or Linux. I decided to make that move after Apple's
introduction of the M1 processor, which has been proven to be an excellent
hardware platform. Now. of course, the M2 has been released, but, depending on
your needs, the 2020 Macbook Air with the M1 will save you some money while
still delivering outstanding performance and some of the most attractively and
perfectly manufactured hardware. You can search the Internet for professional
reviews of the Macbook Air, but I feel confident you'll find plenty to verify
what I'm saying.The Retina display is beautiful. The sound system is superior
to any other laptop I have owned or used. The battery holds up all day under
typical use, and I can verify that the battery holds its charge well for at
least a week while the notebook is powered off. The Apple OS (Monterey) is
smooth and fast, and I was able to learn my way around in it quickly. When you
need help, a Google search will yield tons of tips quickly, or you can avail
yourself of Apple support.I will say that the Air is a little short on USB
ports, lacks a built-in card slot, and, of course, is not equipped with a
touchscreen. However, I have run a USB hub from one of the two Thunderbolt
ports, and there seems to be enough power to support my flash drives and card
readers...even a portable DVD-burner. As far as a touchscreen goes, I have that
on a Dell laptop I run Linux on, but I never use it...guess I'm a mouse or
touchpad guy.The aluminum housing is beautifully machined and finished, the
keyboard has a very nice touch, the battery seems to charge quickly, and the
Air is light at under 3 lbs.One last thing! I have been a heavy user of both
Google and Microsoft services, and I have found that Apple provides ample
support for integrating those services into the Mac environment. I run Google's
Backup and Sync and Microsoft's OneDrive with no problems. My AVG subscription
allows me to use my antivirus software on both Mac OS and Windows machines.I
have no regrets for this purchase. Actually, the Air was my 3rd M1 Mac. I also
have an iMac and a Mac Mini. They all work together very well!
This is my first macbook and thank you for changing the shipping restrictions,
I was able to buy one. I am still adjusting with the keyboard and the OS coming
from a long time windows user. The battery life is amazing. Better than my
windows laptop. Hopefully I can buy the higher specs next time, I don't mind
paying the tax. I originally wanted to get the 16gb ram and 1tb storage, but it
doesn't ship to my location. And thanks for the fast shipping.
I have two MacBook Airs (MBA), a 13" and a 11, both with the previous form
factor (the wide, body colored bezel around the screen, 1280x800 resolution)
and this new 13" MBA improves upon it in every way (almost) and makes it nearly
perfect.Good:- SCREEN looks great! 2560x1600 resolution is bright and sharp and
looks good with the thin black bezel. I usually don't go above 50% brightness.-
KEYBOARD is good. Some have mentioned that it still sucks, but I find it much
better than the older MBAs that I own and better than say, the Magic Keyboard.
Even with a thin silicone keyboard cover I find the typing experience to be
much better and I can type faster and with fewer mistakes.- BATTERY LIFE is
fantastic. Haven't done any real testing yet and obviously it depends on a lot
of factors (wifi usage, video streaming, HD vs 4k video viewing/processing/
etc., screen brightness, type of app being used, etc.) but for my usage (mostly
web browsing, video viewing on YouTube, accessing VPN for work (Citrix, EPIC),
etc., it has been great. Easily tops 10 hours and super impressed so far.-
LOOKS GREAT. Love the newer (I know that the actual exterior design is a few
years old by now) design, looks and feels great. Form factor is nice and it is
a reasonable weight.- NO FAN. That's awesome, as it not only stays quiet all
the time but you also do not need to worry about blocking any fan vents on the
bottom or back of the case while you have it on your lap. Pretty amazing really
for a laptop to have no fans.- PERFORMANCE. It works great so far on what I
have used it for, which is not terribly a lot, but it is what it is for a
laptop using Apple silicon for the first time. For just day to day use and
things like Chrome, Office (Word, Excel), Citirx, EPIC, etc., it has been super
smooth and fast. Have not tried gaming yet but do not have high hopes given it
is the base model with 7-core GPU. Also, things like start up are noticeably
faster with the M1 versus my 2020 iMac 27" (top end) with Intel chips.- TOUCH
ID is great still. Works very fast and the button does not get greasy (which
makes it not work well) like the old iPhone home buttons. On the other hand, it
should really have Face ID at this point.- APPLE ECOSYSTEM is great as usual
and a real reason to get this MBA. Apple Watch easily unlocks it (so you do not
really need Face ID if you have the watch). You can easily send/receive files
using AirDrop or cast using AirPlay. And so on and so forth.- BIG SUR comes
preinstalled but you need to update to get 11.0.1.NOT GOOD:- WEBCAM still
sucks. Still low resolution and just does not look good in FaceTime, Teams,
etc. Shame that Apple is so slow to upgrade webcams on the Macs (the 27" iMac
FINALLY upgraded to 1080p front cams only a couple months ago... I got one and
it looks so much better than this MBA's camera).- ONLY 2 PORTS. Sad that this
thing has only 2 USB-C ports (that cover thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, charging,
DisplayPort). Given that it is used to charge, it leaves only one USB-C port
for other use, pretty lame. I wish they had squeezed (I think it would fit) a
USB-A port so that I could plug in my wireless mouse USB-A dongle as I have
never liked any bluetooth mouse, or at least one more USB-C port.- NEW TECH
(Apple silicon) means the M1-optimized apps are still being rolled out, e.g.
Photoshop still not available at release.- BATTERY still cannot be removed, no
surprise here, but means that like all Apple mobile tech it will have a useable
lifespan determined at least partly by the non-removable battery. Easier to
have an iPhone's battery replaced than a MBA I would imagine but hopefully it
maintains a high level of performance for 4 years at the minimum.OVERALL:A few
negatives (mostly the webcam) but enough significant improvements that this MBA
is really a no-brainer for anyone needing a non-power notebook compute,
especially if s/he is already in the Apple ecosystem. Love it so far!
As many others have shared, the Apple MacBook Air M1 is a great laptop. The
display is gorgeous. The keyboard is accurate and smooth. Apple has the best
trackpads! Battery life is so good that there is no anxiety over having enough
power to finish the day.The setup experience is so good with Apple products.
All I had to do was choose my language and connect to wi-fi and then moments
later the laptop was ready for me to login.The laptop integrates so well with
the other Apple devices. Although I wonder why it wanted my iPhone's lock
screen passcode. I am not sure how secure I feel that my iPhone's lock screen
password is shared over the air with the laptop... Otherwise the MacBook Air is
a great device for consuming content and for light-creative work.
I bought this MBA for my wife for Valentine's Day, and she has been in love
with it ever since. She thinks it was the best Vday gift that she has gotten in
years, it does everything so well!
I bought this 2020 MacBook Air (8 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD storage) to replace a 2014
MacBook Air (4GB RAM, 256 GB SSD storage). I am undeniably a fan of Apple
products in general, because they work with little fuss and are built to last
(note that my old MacBook Air is more than 7 years old and still working
perfectly). Although I've been underwhelmed by some Mac models in recent years,
this one is stellar IMHO. Unless you have very heavy system requirements this
machine would be an excellent choice.The M1 processor is very impressive,
delivering outstanding performance and power/thermal efficiency simultaneously.
Battery life is every bit as good as advertised; I can charge overnight and use
it all day without plugging in. Connecting USB devices such as external drives
will shorten battery life, but that's to be expected. I love the fanless
design, which means the machine is absolutely silent at all times, while the
thermal efficiency of the M1 chip allows it to remain amazingly cool. In use,
this computer feels very fast, especially with apps optimized for Apple
processors (as MacOS Big Sur is). Interestingly, Microsoft has been on board
early with M1 optimization; the latest Office 365 version is smooth and fast on
this machine. I also tried out MS Edge on my new laptop based on a
recommendation from another user and have been so pleased with its speed and
efficiency that it's my current default browser. The touch ID and Apple Pay
capability is a welcome addition.The only cons I see are minor in my opinion.
Because RAM is integrated into the M1 processor, post-purchase memory expansion
is not possible; if you think you'll need 16 GB of memory that model can be had
from the Apple Store. There has been criticism of the fact that this machine
has only two ports, which is fair. For me that's not insurmountable; I simply
use a USB-C hub to provide additional connectivity. I've read recently that
some users have had certain hubs cause problems with their M1 Macs, which
appears to be related to battery charging through these hubs. To be on the safe
side I use a built-in port for charging and have had no issues.Reading through
the relative handful of critical reviews, it looks to me like most (excluding
actual defects, which happen with all products) are based on lack of
understanding. For example, I saw a large number of reviews complaining that
this machine "has NO USB PORTS!!!", which is patently false. In fact, its two
ports are both USB, they just require a different connector. What these users
are looking for is the old USB-A connectors, which this MacBook does not have;
however, that's easily fixed by using a USB-A to USB-C converter cable, or with
a USB-C hub. USB-A peripherals are gradually disappearing as well, in favor of
the new connector.All things considered, I really love this machine. The $899
price (at the time I bought mine) was $100 less than I would have paid at the
Apple Store, and I believe I can probably get $200 on eBay for my old MacBook
Air (try that with a 7-year-old PC!) leaving me with a total outlay of $699.
Considering that I'll almost certainly get 5 or more years use out of this
model, I'm very happy with my purchase and would do it again.
I bought "used" but MacBook Air looks NIB (new in box) New for $752.39. I very
happy with purchase
Decent laoptop but PCs offer greater functionality for the $1K+ price tag.
Performance and speed average when considering the price.
Perfect size to carry anywhere! I love this small laptop. The screen quality is
great and touch screen is easy to use!
Took my chance and bought one used off Amazon warehouse deals. It's brand new
except the warranty has only a few months left. Can't complain at all! This
computer is awesome as I upgraded from 2013 Macbook Pro Retina. It's way
faster. But 8GB of ram will be slow at times, and the laptop gets hot during
summer months. Also the trackpad has a tendency of dragging instead of clicking
when you're clicking around really fast. Like when you're trying to get that
hot concert ticket, and you click really fast on Ticketmaster, it drags the
text or link instead of clicking on it like it should which causes a second of
two of delay. I hope they get this fixed but it's unlikely they will ever
notice this. Most people don't use trackpad to click as fast as me.
Light, fast, and intuitive...happy with the product (disclosure: I'm an Apple
fan)
Replaced a 10 year old MacBook pro (spinning harddrive, one-hour batter life,
spinning beach balls). Updates are smooth and backing up is seamless. Able to
set it up to limit the tech to just what she needs (right click, what does that
do?). She was very hesitant to get a new computer, as her old one "works". 6
months later, she said she wouldn't go back. Its light with a for-ever battery
life. Thanks, Apple!
Really good
I have had this computer for a while now and it has yet to let me down. I love
it.I would recommend this as a college student.
I bought this for my wife as I am a PC guy and this is a first impression
review. Like all things Apple, it is nice to look at with a sleek design and
the screen that is sharp and clear. I always read the negative reviews and a
lot of folks complained there were no USB ports. This isn't entirely true, it
says it comes with 2 USB C ports and it does. A simple thumb adapter ($5) is
all you need to use a regular USB device. HOWEVER, I was expected an SD card
slot that is not there. That was disappointing but, again, an adapter can solve
that. My wife loved the fact that almost as soon as she connected to our
network, it almost instantly transferred everything from her phone and 10 year
old MacBook. So far, she is pleased with this purchase. Additional items
needed: Clear protective cover and screen protector $16, adapters $10, MS
Office Home for Mac, $149.
New to Apple...So far screen is great.
it arrived very well and quickly
I decided to take a chance with MacOS and the at the time of purchase
discounted Macbook Air. At first, I liked it a lot and was very impressed.
However, over time, I quickly grew to dislike how strict MacOS is with
installing things like an overbearing parent. While I personally didn't find
this to be the laptop of choice, I cannot deny the excellent screen, insane
battery life and great keyboard. The usage of the Macbook Air is too limited
for what I use computers for, but for people with more basic needs or that use
productivity apps constantly, it's an excellent selection. It just wasn't the
all-rounded I had hoped it would be.
I'm a software developer and I've only used PC for my entire career. I've been
using the windows subsystem for Linux and other Unix based shells for work for
a long time and I've always had the desire to try development on a Mac.I
assumed that it would be like any other Windows machine that's had the OS
replaced with Linux, one of my favorite computers was a Lenovo with Ubuntu on
it so that's what I expected.I bought a Surface Pro X which has an ARM based
processor (ms sq1 chip) so I thought that I knew what to expect, I assumed that
it would be frustrating that the majority of the software I used probably
wouldn't work correctly but I have to say that Apple did so much better than
Microsoft on this one. The M1 chip makes this $1,000 laptop feel like a $2500
laptop. I've only run into one application that couldn't run and the general
online community recommended an alternative for me.the most difficult thing for
me was getting used to the different keyboard layout but once I did, this
laptop has been nothing short of a pleasure to work with and has replaced my
Surface laptop 3 as my daily driver and primary software development machine.I
might revert to my Surface laptop three if I go back to .NET development in the
future but for the general web stuff I typically do, I couldn't ask for a
better machine.The battery life is excellent, this laptop feels premium, I have
no doubt that this will last me well into the future and it has completely
changed my mind about Apple.The biggest downside in my opinion is that I spent
a fortune on accessories and peripherals because Apple products tends to exist
in their own separate ecosystem which can be a bit frustrating.One thing that
everyone should be aware of is that you can't connect this laptop to two
separate external displays. I had to get used to One external display and then
using a virtual desktop. That is unfortunate because I really liked having
three monitors at all times but I haven't found a way to make it work with this
machine.Generally speaking, I would recommend this to anybody who's considering
it. Unless you are a PC gamer, there's very little that this computer won't
excel at. I'd argue that it might be the best quality laptop in this price
range by a factor of two, and I have historically been very critical of Apple.
I have had the M1 MacBook Air 13-inch now since December 2020. It has served me
so well and has been one of the most reliable laptops I've ever owned. I am
originally a PC guy and now work back and forth between Windows OS and Mac
OS.When it comes to rendering videos and clips, this does a way better job at
4K resolution compared to my former Alienware 17 inch laptop AND my workplace's
gaming desktop!I am pretty happy with the battery life so far. I have been
getting 10+ hours of hard real-world usage. I bring a nice USB-C portable
battery with me to charge it when I am doing work on the weekends out of town
or while on the plane. This thing has not failed me once.8GB of RAM is more
than enough for the majority of consumers and is enough for me even though I
edit photos and videos all the time. I have not seen any "throttling" from the
M1 MacBook Air since ownership. I can even open up 30+ tabs on Chrome without
issue.256GB storage is enough as long as you have an external storage. I highly
recommend investing in getting an SSD or NVMe external storage so transfer
speeds are optimal. Otherwise, as long as you are keeping the core hard drive
tidy, you won't run into any storage issues.Virtual classes are nice. The
webcam quality is crystal clear, and it is noticeably better than most of my
peers.My only complaint is that the design is a bit "outdated" despite how
premium and beautiful it is.Just FYI. I just bought two of these; one for
myself and one for my friend who just had a massive upgrade from her
"prehistoric" 2010 iMac. She was absolutely mindblown by how much faster and
better it is compared to the older iMac.Overall, this is a very nice all-around
computer laptop for ANY student from K all the way up to the graduate level. Go
get this beast of a machine now for $850.
One person found this helpful
Holy cow this is the best product I have ever owned no malicious baloney fast
easy to use and very enjoyable recommends product I really do
I’m an APPLE user and not surprised with the functionality and quality
Recommended
When has an apple product ever done anyone wrong. They are known for their
reputation, and this is no exception. Obviously reliable, great battery life,
stunning pixelation, and works well for remote working.
Nice product, as usual for Apple!
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
I love my new MacBook. It convenient, advanced technology, light weight and all
of my apple devices are connected!
This is a great laptop that is thin and durable. I would recommend a skin or
case due to how lightweight it is!
This works fine but I had to buy separate adapter to read thumb drives. Also
bought external hard drive and DVD player. All the extras run up the overall
price.
We bought the laptop in Dec 2021. After a couple of weeks, it had a big OS
update: Big Sur to Monterey. The problems started happening - I kept getting
locked out, passwords not working, account name not working - resulting to my
having to run to the Mac Service Center 2x.The first time they said the update
caused some issues. Second one said, it was a file vault issue.Also, noticed
how since the update my battery life has decreased. The tech guys said this is
normal after an update due to the machine still settling and should stabilize
soon. It's been a couple of weeks and still the same. I've even heeded the
advice of not logging out nor shutting down, just folding the laptop, to let
the machine keep working on the kinks. Also because it's an M1 technology so no
need to formally shut it down like a PC.Not sure of what's really going on,
tbh.Perhaps it is due to Apples newest OS being buggy, or it could be the unit
is a lemon. Not sure. But giving it one last chance and if it fails me again
before the 90 day warranty is up, I am returning it.
It’s not my first MacBook, and the quality of it is up to standards. My issue
is that I bought it in June of 2022, and it says it was produced in 2020. The
title is misleading, it makes you think that it’s 2020 model. I hoped it wasn’t
sitting on the shelf for two years, but looks like it was.
Not long ago I decided to get far from Apple products because some work
necessities I couldn't cover with an iPhone and a Mac. The limitation of the
Iphone for some advanced features (like dual SIM and the possibility to flash
OS images from a ssd) and the need to use bootcamp in the Mac made me jump to
an android phone and a windows computer.I had a Samsung s10+ and a Huawei
Matebook pro with windows and linux. Both devices are impeccable. Really made
my work easier in so many aspects. But as time passed my life wasn't getting
simpler like it was with my Iphone and my Mac.Apple products work flawlessly
between each other and there are always new implementations that simplifies
everyday life. Quality of this products and its software is incredible.
Although other products have better capabilities ( for example my Matebook
outperforms this MacBook Air m1 and has a much better quality screen) they lack
the simplicity and stability.Being all this said, The MacBook Air M1 is a
really great laptop. The most basic version which is the one I bought is
blazing fast, stable and with a great battery life (much better than the Huawei
Matebook pro). Also its absolute silent and fresh. Its doesn't get hot at
all.To make my work easier I had to pay for some software that saddly I was
denied to pay on the Mac at the beginning. Apple products are expensive but
I've learned that in the long run they are worth it. Life is about time and how
you spend it and apple definitely focus its effort to simplify the time you use
to do a task.I wanted to share my story in case you are in a situation like I
had. If you have an iPhone and other Apple products don't doubt. Buy a Macbook
Air M1. I still have a beefy windows machine for gaming, rendering, and other
things. But most of the time I rather work in my new MacBook.
so nice
This arrived exactly as i expected. I live in Jamaica and this product was
shipped straight to me. It arrived perfectly packaged without even the
slightest scratch or blemish. Just know that if you were to purchase this
product you are getting exactly what you expected. It works. No hiccups or
hangups. It's just fast, smooth and a premium looking laptop. I cant say enough
good things about this device. Just take care of it and trust that you will
have a working computer for the next decade or more. Get it!!
I like the shape, the weight,I dislike the material it is made of , and limited
applications to install on it
I had a great experience. I love my new computer!
Amazing quality from Apple. I was very sad to see some macbook airs go stray
the past few years. Apple finally came back to its roots and built this
masterpiece of a laptop. I have been a windows and mac user over the years,
mostly being on windows. But the m1 has made it possible for me to make a
complete transition. After going through laptops year after year, breaking
down, and becoming outdated. I feel confident with m1 as my daily driver and I
can run windows on it. Absolutely amazing. No reason to buy any other laptop
right now.
It is exactly everything I wanted and I am so happy with my purchase!! I will
definitely order again from this company!!
Great price and great computer!!
For the price and it apple product. I expected much more. Not able to download
certain apps due to the small storage space on the laptop. Have to purchase an
extra adapter for additional USB ports.
This is honestly an excellent machine.Not even interested in discussing "cons"
because there aren't any if you weigh up the price point fairly for what is
arguably the best ultra portable laptop on the market right now (July 21') and
I don't mean the fastest.The "only two" thunderbolt slots can be dongled out to
the max. If you want a second or third monitor setup, get any "display-link"
certified hub like the Dell 452-BCYT D6000 Universal Dock (pricey) or the
WAVLINK USB 3.0 Universal Laptop Docking Station,USB C to 5K/ Dual 4K @60Hz
Video (cheaper).The 7 cores of GPU on this model won't be noticed vs 8 cores.
The machine is a beast. I'm using Lumafusion to process video (not even
designed for MacOS but ports across from iPadOS) and it's 3X as fast as the
iPad Pro that I own - 2019Best laptop I've ever owned and I've owned two
earlier MacBook pro's, a Mac mini, several windows laptops, and the Dell S2721Q
27 Inch 4K UHD monitor I purchased here is parked on top of the last windows
machine I purchased.The 4K dell monitor is easily crisp enough for MacOS and I
purchased the keyboard used and Magic Mouse (2) new, on Amazon.It's been a
while since I've been on MacOS and would describe it as wonderful to use and
look at, after coming from windows 10. Sidecar is also amazing (using the iPad
Pro to the right for that)If you're shopping for a laptop or a Mac laptop, this
is a good option.You'll love it. Nuff said.
They sent the wrong color, but it's otherwise great
Everything about this machine has been fantastic. I could not afford new, but I
have found this only a hairsbreadth less than spanking new. Best for me, since
I was away from the wonderful Apple side for several years, Apple help is as
fine as the machine. Plan to go this route next time.
I love this ease of transferring my data from my old Mac. It is a bit smaller
though the screen is the same size so that’s nice. I’m not tech savvy so can’t
say much about that aspect. My disappointment is that it doesn’t have a USB
port like the old one for charging other devices on the side.
I love this little computer! When I was looking for a laptop to buy, I almost
went with a used, older MacBook Air. I decided to just spend the extra money
and get a brand new computer and the newest model and I’m so happy I did
because Apple’s M1 chip is impressive. After two months of owning this laptop,
I think my favorite thing is the battery life. For lighter tasks (web browsing,
listening to music, steaming Netflix etc), the battery could last the entire
day, and I love how I can take this thing anywhere with me without having to
lug a charger around as well. For heavier tasks, it of course doesn’t last all
day but you get a lot of hours out of the battery. It rarely gets hot, and
doesn’t even have a fan, so you know how efficient that chip is running. I also
love the fanless design because I can have it with me in my bed or anywhere and
not worry about blocking vents or getting dog hair in those fans. I don’t use
it for anything crazy, mainly just work and personal stuff, along with frequent
streaming and occasionally I’ll fire up the Sims 4 (and it runs beautifully by
the way). But I’m never not impressed by how quick it is, opens applications
almost instantly and wakes instantly. Also, I am new to Mac with this purchase
but have owned iPhones for a decade and I love the seamless integration jumping
between applications on your laptop and phone. So far I’m loving Big Sur and
basically this is just a laptop that would be great for almost anyone.
What I liked: Apple's construction quality is second to none. Unboxing this is
a delight, it's just a beautiful machine. You can start working with it as soon
as the initial setup is done, which might take a few minutes. Love the display,
bright colors, nice resolution, everything looks crisp. Keys are a delight to
type with, real smooth. Battery life is the best I've ever witnessed, I just
recharge this thing every other day, whereas my previous laptop would use three
rounds of charge a day (and I had for just one year).What I disliked: some of
my favorite apps are still not ready for Apple Silicon or M1 chip. It's given
me two or three random reboots with cryptic error logs already. And coming from
over 25 years using mostly Windows (and some 2-3 years using Linux) I feel like
I have to rewire my brain to start using the fn, control, option & command keys
properly.All in all, it's a really solid laptop although I feel like I still
haven't made the most out of it. No heavy usage so far, except for some minor
audio production work. Guess I'll do it eventually. Hope app compatibility gets
better with time too, that's the reason for the missing star up there,
otherwise, it would've been 5-stars all the way.
I ordered gold and received silver. Disappointed and never got contacted by the
seller about it but everything else is perfect
So far we have had no problems with it. We bought it for my daughter for
college. If there are any hiccups come fall, I can resubmit.
The track pad for this machine is too smooth for me and gives my aging hands
problems. And using the arrow keys to scroll doesn't work the same as my
Chromebooks. I don't see where the Retina screen is in any way superior to my
Toshiba HD Chromebooks.
Price point for an apple laptop good. Screen is great so are the speakers. Dead
easy to set up. I had my last one for 13 years hope this is the same. Only
negative. The new usb-c ( lightning ) does not support the apple super drive.
You have to buy an adapter.
So for the most part I use this for when I am traveling or out and about for my
business. I find it the right size for the job I am doing and take advantage of
Apples cloud storage and ways of using other Mac's as storage for information
so this doesn't use storage much at all. Where this is nice is the quick user
functionality it has in access these documents or programs needed seamlessly
and being able to help keep my business moving on the road. Most of the time I
am using browser programs to access the business info or using the cloud to
access files back at the home base which is the new Mac Mini with an external
hard drive that houses the business information. I find that the size makes a
great traveling companion for onsite work. When connecting to a shared internet
connection it is nice knowing that the channel is mostly secure and when using
my iPhone shares cell connection and new chips they can help create a safe
network for my means of work. If you are debating getting one for business I
recommend using their cloud storage so you eliminate the focus on storage
anxiety and makes it more worth it in the long run of having a user interface
focused laptop. Also the battery for most of the work I am doing lasts me a
week with heavy workload 4 days max. Honestly you can't get too much better for
a long lasting Apple hardware focused product.
good
I've had at least half a dozen mac laptops and as a non-pro the air is just
what I needed. I replaced a Macbook Pro with the touch bar, the only Mac I've
had which failed on me, and when I saw the price of new Macbook Pros I about
fainted. I don't do graphics or video, I don't play games, I figured I'd just
try the basic Macbook Air and see if it was fast enough. Bingo, it's great. New
M1 processor is plenty for web surfing, daily use of the full MS Office suite
with multiple windows open at the same time, video streaming etc. Battery life
is terrific, I can work all day on a single charge! Sure there are people who
need a "Pro" device but for the vast majority of us, even heavy daily usage,
this is a spectacular computer.
3 people found this helpful
Love this Mac. Arrived fast and packaged well. Works great and as a first time
Mac user it was very easy to learn. Great price at Amazon and very happy with
the purchase. The computer is very fast.
I was hesitant buying a MacBook, I said I'd never do it. But after having my
iPhone for so long I and my most recent laptop dying, I figured I could take
the chance. I love it, it is basically just an iPhone in laptop form. I will
miss Microsoft Office Suite, but I don't really need it for that so it is ok.
I am overall very satisfied with my 2020 Apple MacBook Air purchase. Every
works smooth and no problems so far. Powerful laptop. For now, I highly
recommend.
I've worked on and serviced Macs for many years, but I've never considered
purchasing one for the price. Macs have never been a good value. I wanted a
$1000 laptop, and my choices quickly narrowed to this. It has the best laptop
processor and the best screen money can buy, especially at this price. The
battery life on MacBooks is always good, so I knew that wouldn't be an
issue.After purchase, I've come to the same conclusions. The screen is
wonderful. Bright and high res, excellent color accuracy. The M1 processor
speed has blown me away with its performance. I don't need much RAM or Storage,
so I'm still happy with that. I do wish for more RAM, but I don't necessarily
need it for my work I do. What has blown my mind more than anything else is the
battery life. I've never had a laptop like this. I don't have to carry a
charger with me anymore: the MacBook easily handles a full day of charge. I
also like the fact that it doesn't have a fan. I don't have to worry about
thermals when getting comfy in my bed and doing some light work.Overall, best
laptop I've ever purchased. I've had no issues over more than a month of
ownership, and I'm super picky about tech as well as slightly anti-Apple, so
I've basically converted because of this machine.
I've had and used iPhones from the beginning and had iPads since the iPad 2 but
this is my very first Mac and I thought it might be a lot to learn this OS but
things were familiar cuz I've used and owned iPads and iPhones. I'm still
having to learn a few things and had to Google questions on how to do
somethings but it's been a good experience. I really didn't expect that. I love
the OS BIG SUR and now can't wait to the next OS. I only got 256gb cuz I didn't
know if I would like this plus I knew i had to learn the OS. Now, I'm waiting
for the M2 Mac Book Pro, i plan to invest a lot more money into that one now I
know that I like the Apple OS. Looking at getting 2tb 32gigs of ram! I like
that it runs the apps from iOS or iPadOS! I wish the screen was better though.
I'm talking at least mini-led but would prefer OLED for what I use it for.
Battery life is amazing! Camera quality sucks. Come on Apple, give us the 2021
M1 iPad Pro camera and stop being so cheap!I'm happy with my purchase. I will
probably give this to my mom when the M2 MacBook Pro comes out!
all forms of establishing this computer to the correct running system et/al
went smoothly except all the passwords were defined in a not described format
and the email program could not be connected as iCloud had my email buried
within the demographics it contained. it took two hours with apple to be able
to send emails as the computer did not allow my google email to connect .
However it is a very beautiful computer...wow...what a ride and an amazing
thing to experience the apple representative and how he went thru each and
every system...very interesting.
I assumed the computer was new, I’m not sure that I did not get a renewed one.
The computer seems fine so far, but the charger was defective, and I had to
spend 30.00 on a new aftermarket charger. You would think the product would be
tested. Not a great experience.
Just about the only thing I have objections to is that I don't really like the
touchpad much. It doesn't always behave intuitively and I've had to tweak
settings to get it to where I'm fairly comfortable using it.But generally...
Solid laptop. Good buy.
Had an intel based MacBook Pro that supported 2 additional displays natively.
This one only supports one. Luckily has a display link hub as a workaround fo 2
additional monitors. Had no issues with M1 silicon
No dislikes with this product. Likes, it is easy to use and navigate which i
loved from the start.
Wow! came fast and brand new, thank you
It's a mac. That's literally the only reason I bought it to customize an app
that was iOS compatible only. Outside of that, the Camera is horrendous (its
giving very 2011 photobooth camera quality) and if you have too many browsers
or apps opens it practically crashes. Not really worth the prices in my
opinion. Just pay the premium for a macbook pro if the camera and performance
is a make or break for you.
I was scared jumping from my 2020 MBP-16 to a MB-Air. But I wanted lighter and
figured I could carry both if I need the power of my Pro. Ummmm, I don't need
my Pro. This thing blows my almost brand new Intel based MBP! Now, there have
been some anomalies with different apps and things. No show stoppers. But you
can clearly tell which apps were updated for the M1 and which weren't They work
fine, but take a several seconds to open.One process I use it for is
livestreaming our church services using OBS, and iPhone and a USB Audio device
for the feed from the mixer. All of this is streamed only to FB Live and
recorded on machine. On the MBP, this all worked fine, but the battery couldn't
keep up, even plugged in. Had the same issue on my 2018 MBP 13". But the M1
does all of this without any issues from a power perspective. Plus, it's much
more stable for this use than the MBP. I would get a lot of sticking video on
the MBP and have, so far, received none on the M1.Very happy with the price
too. But, get as much memory and disk space as you can afford. Can't have too
much.
I jumped out of the “Ecosystem” a little while back. Last had a MacBook Pro 13”
in about 2015 when we had real ports. I realize those days aren’t coming back
and it’s #HubLife or #NoLife. But I’ve been underwhelmed with Apples offerings
for a minute.When I started reading up and watching vids on the new M1 I was
sold. I’m all in now. This Air is an absolute unit of a machine. I really see
no reason for anyone to get the Pro, unless you’re getting the soon to be
released updated 16” pro. This bad boy will do all that most people need.Let me
say first off, the battery life is phenomenal. I can take it on the go and use
it all day with no issues at all. I didn’t even pack my charger with me today.
I can carry it in a simple sleeve and I’m good to go. Plus it’s lighter than
the pro as well.Performance is spectacular. It runs circles around anything
else I have that’s windows based. In testing, I’ve seen it surpass or hold its
own, against prior MacBook Pro models. Even those with dedicated graphics.For
the majority of people, this is going to be their go to laptop. What you get
for an entry level Mac is stellar. This is my recommendation for anyone outside
of a hardcore video/photo editor. But even then, in a pinch it will get the job
done.
Great product from Apple as usual
Work perfectly, worth money no cracks or anything wrong came perfect packaged
I needed a new computer desperately, (screen broke and volume malfunctioned on
my beloved old Asus transformer), so after much research about Macs online, I
ordered a new MacBook Air. Most of the online reviews and info praised it
except for the camera, and in this current pandemic Zoom world, that was a
must! However, I couldn't imagine a new apple computer having a worse camera
than my old iPhone 6 which I am still happily using, so I took a chance! The
laptop is awesome on so many levels! New M1 chip, super fast everything, and
fantastic color display!The sound and yes, the camera, are phenomenal! I can
only assume the bad camera reviews were made by video bloggers that need
extreme HD resolution. I just do average work on my computer, so no problem
there! I am thoroughly enjoying surfing online, streaming videos, and Zooming
with great clarity. I needed to clarify this camera issue for those holding
back from purchasing such a great computer just due to those negative camera
opinions, as I was. If I had read my review or one similar to it, it would have
eased my mind. So, unless you're a vlogger , fear not!It's a fantastic computer
in every sense of the word! (Not to mention the $999 price for a new Mac!) Get
it!!! You won't regret it! The rose gold is especially pretty!
I love this laptop. It's fast, practical, sleek, portable, and very useful for
me as a college student who does remote work. I have never had a problem with
it and I have been using it for a few months now. 100/10.
Good for what it's worth.I'm not a fan of the price, but guess it's just
another Apple thing.Great laptop for daily use.The key keyboard is great. I'm
not a professional on computers so I'll usually have to look at the keyboard
while I type, but not on this one the keys are positioned perfectly.Nice and
crisp resolution.Pretty fast.All around great daily use laptop.
ProsWorksNo fan - super quietScreen resolution decent and looks good from most
anglessuper-fast response time during usewakes up from sleep instantlylooks
nice (for a laptop)not super heavyIf you check your email, listen to Spotify,
shop online (Amazon), web browse, watch Youtube videos, Zoom calls, work with
Apple Photos, look at PDF's, Use Google Docs/spreadsheets - this is a great
laptopConsSome software is not compatible or has problems with the M1 Apple CPU
( not that I've experienced but this might impact you)No Built-in cam cover for
$1000+ laptop - and according to apple if you use your own you can damage your
screen - https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT211148When you open the laptop
unless you're super careful you smudge the laptop camera/that general area -
that or you open it from the sidesno LED light indicator for if the laptop is
on, sleep mode, charging, fully chargedcharging seems kinda slowthey removed
the keyboard brightness physical buttons - but you can pin this in the top-
right menu bar or and it's in the control centerside note OSOn the login screen
of Big Sur, you can see the battery icon but not the exact percentage you have
left - have to log in for thatstill have to manually turn on "show thousand
separators" on the calculator app
Beautiful computer, light weight, sophisticated, very smart, great for
school!!!!
It's a good laptop. It's an Apple so it is overpriced but you have to expect
that buying any Apple product
I was hasitating to buy used, but it was like new. No scratch, no dent, even
battery charging cycle was 2. Came with box, original charger, USB-C cable. I
am happy with it.
First off: this computer is extremely lightweight, well built, and beautiful.
Yes this is the new MacBook Air M1. And it arrived with 4 days after shipping
(bad weather slowed it down so it arrived late).Battery: I’ve been on my
computer for 12 hours today and battery is at 64%. I’ve had it for 3 days. And
have only charged it once. And that was when it arrived while I set up. The
computer is very quiet it and does not get hot. I’ve had several tabs open and
applications at once and it didn’t even slow down or run hot.Camera: FaceTime
calls are beautiful on here. Facebook messenger, you look a little yellow, but
other people look perfect(probably lighting issue)Sound: is amazing, the best I
have had on any computer. Crystal clear sound. This computer gets really
loudSpeed: this computer is extremely fast. Internet sites load with a second.
As soon as you sign in it’s an instant log on to your screen with no waiting
for application to load.This by far the best computer I’ve had. If you are
looking at your first MacBook laptop this is great(this is my first also). If
you are looking to upgrade a really old MacBook model you will love this. Worth
the money!
Not much to say, excellent product overall. No cons except lack of ports. All
day+ battery life, excellent screen. Keyboard is good as well. I have the 8 gb
ram version but haven't seen any lag due to it. Use it often to run demanding
simulations and it has not disappointed me so far.I was little concerned with
the M1 chip and compatibility. However, x86-64 runs well enough, though CPU/ram
usage is a bit higher (dropbox, for example). If you are using native versions,
its far better than any x86-64 mobile cpus on market.
This is my second time purchasing an Apple Computer. They last a really long
time. I got this one for my business.
This product is not cheap, it's not something that you normally could just drop
loads of money on... good job if you can.Take students perspective. Not much to
my name and obviously in desperate need of something that can at least operate.
Sure you can opt for something cheaper if you want something that just "works",
however, if you want something that can get the job done, is reliable,
absolutely beautiful, and long lasting that can beat any other laptop out of
the park with the M1 processor... I'd suggest you get this laptop now.Stop
thinking about it honestly, just do it. Two days ago I was sitting here
debating for so long if I should even go for it finally somehow having the
funds. Regretting doing so even after placing my order. All that went away when
I held this near magical product in my hands for the first time. You will never
have to buy another laptop again for a long time if you simply take care of it.
It's going to take me a long way into my education... as will it you and what
you chose to use it for.Happy M1'ing be productive!
This laptop is perfect for student for collage. It is extremely fast however
the restarting of this laptop isn’t that fast which is kind strange. Overall I
find no faults with this device, I have the 8gb ram version and it performs
like a champ for all my needs as a student. I totally recommend this device.
Wish build in a word processor.
Very nice product. Brand new right out of the box
So forget about all the other reviews. This is the skinny from a higher
learning teacher: Is it fast? Yes. If you are browsing the web, watching
videos, etc. It’s faster than my MSI with 16gb ram and RTX 2060 video card. Is
it silent? YES. It’s the whole reason I bought it, so good for me. How is
rendering audio or video? Good, BUT…My iMac 5k from 2017 with 4gb of video ram
is faster with the few renderings I have done. The following is what surprised
me (especially after reading all the fab reviews of battery): I put my Mac Air
on sleep mode when I shut it down. Didn’t use it for a couple days, came back
to get it and the battery was completely dead. Zero! I was VERY surprised. I
can always leave an MSI, Lenovo, HP, on sleep mode for a week or more. Those
are the things I have experienced in my first week. Hope it helps.
I have buyers regret now. I bought this to update from my old Mac Pro and was
hoping I could get some streaming apps like Netflix, Hulu, etc and none of that
is available. I use my laptop for movies and TV while traveling. No CD drive
and none of the aforementioned items make this laptop basically useless to me
I looked at a lot of different laptops and went to my local Best Buy for in
person testing before deciding on this one. I work from home and have been
using a older model HP that was passed down to me that had a hour and a half
battery life, a plastic shell, and froze endlessly.This laptop is real clean
looking, feels solid, has insane battery life, and the screen is absolutely
insane. Watching videos on it is unreal and have had no issues running multiple
programs/desktops/and some gaming on it. I purchased the base model and run it
with an external hard drive to keep the space clear on it.I love how all the
apple products interact seamlessly with each other and the sidecar feature that
links it to the iPad to work as a second screen on the go.In the future would
be nice to see the bezels slimmed down, the keyboard have a little more weight
to it, MacBook Air speakers amped up a bit, and a higher quality camera and all
those things are near perfect. Ill be holding on to this for the next 5 years
plus
It’s a good laptop with all around features and heavy build quality. Missing
some of the pro features but otherwise it works great
I hate laptops, until I bought this one anyway. I probably burned through over
a dozen or so over the past decade. One of them was actually another Mac Air. I
wasn’t impressed. This 2020 model however provides all the power and
versatility that I’ve only previously dreamed about. The Retina display is
gorgeous, clear and easy to read. This PC runs Photoshop faster and cleaner
than desktops that cost me $3000 or more. Music played back on this little
laptop sounds better than any other I’ve heard. The new Apple M1 chip really
shines, beating the Intel versions of this laptop hands down.
I replaced on older 2009 MacBook Pro with this new model from Apple. It has the
new M1 chip and it is fast. For the type of things I do in a home office this
is lightning fast. I don't do a lot of editing of videos or play video games on
it so my work load is pretty mundane compared to others. I like it though
because it is lightweight when I take it to my den or on a trip in my computer
bag. The battery lasts a long time and the keyboard is very responsive. Love
the screen clarity. I have not found any of my regular apps having any
difficulty running on the new chip. I did set up a new camera connection app to
see how it would do and had no issues either. It is running in the background
and when they update to work specifically with the new chip it should work even
better. I don't have any negatives with this computer. I have been an Apple fan
for several years now and so use to it that I have great difficulty when trying
to use a Window's based computer.
I had previously purchased a “renewed” MacBook Air and it wasn’t exactly what I
would call renewed. I returned it and found a new MacBook Air for under $900.
Only a few hundred more than someone else’s old one and I couldn’t be happier.
I’ve had iPhones since 3GS and they have always been user friendly and the
MacBook Air is just like my iPhone but better.I have always had windows and the
last one installed the manufacturer update and afterwards I could not log into
the computer. That’s the end of windows and the beginning of my Mac attack.I
highly recommend this item especially if you are able to purchase it for under
$900.
I jumped from a 2010 model MacBook to thisI got the 256 fb 8gb model I produce
music and honestly it’s been able to handle all of my plug ins and sound packs
with ease...the touch buttons for the sound and brightness buttons are a much
better practical way to go then the Touch Bar On the Mac Pro screen quality is
solid and it’s really fast and smoothIf you have any doubts for buying this
over the pro don’t doubt it...it’s extremely quiet and to be honest one music
session I had was about 5 hours straight and the laptop was barely a little
warm after all of that editing and recording on Logic Pro x....if you can
afford it....it’s worth it....the only thing I think that I’m annoyed with it
the fact that apple is still using a 720p webcam....it feels really lazy to me
that I’m 2021 they chose to go with a 720p I think if they fixed that the
laptop would be perfect
I have had my new MacAir not quite two weeks and it is even better than I
expected. This one is with the new M1 chip and is an upgrade from my previous
Mac....which I loved. Faster, better, more battery. What's not to like. And
frankly the price for the machine is a bargain. I do not use my Mac for gaming,
heavy downloads, large graphics so can't comment but is why the Air is a
perfect choice over the Pro. Transferring files etc from my previous Mac was a
snap and now I have my "old" Mac on the M1 so everything works better. I was a
bit surprised everything is the same size and weight....but that's likely
because I didn't look at those specs before purchase. One sweet thing about the
Mac is it comes about 70% charged so just open and start. If you are
considering a Mac or have one and are thinking about upgrade just do it. And
Amazon made it easy....arrived in two days.
Buying into the Apple ecosystem should only be done to make products for the
ecosystem which will make the user money, but, do not make them a critical part
of your workflow. They are too expensive for that. Apple just does not make
good computers. Yes, they make a OK operating system, but they make computers
that cannot be repaired by taking out the ssd or ram sticks and putting new
ones in.You can't just go and buy the parts to fix your Mac computers when they
break. The MacBook Air is no exception to this. The SSD is solider to the
motherboard. Likewise the RAM. Now, if that were the only problem, well -- one
would be able to get someone skilled to replace these broken pieces after Apple
stop warranty coverage -- maybe. But, they don't even allow the suppliers of
these chips to supply them to the public. So, once the warranty is. up -- you
will not be able to get spare parts for the computer. Needless to say, this is
a major flaw in Apple products -- of which it is no exception for this MacBook
Air. (Oh, and if they start allowing suppliers to supply, but, lock down with
crypto keys to a particular machine we just have even more e-waste.)Also, this
computer flickers with a 4K output. The MacBook Air has screen flicker with an
external monitor using the HooToo dock that I've used with an Intel MacBook Pro
which is a few years old. This is unacceptable. Apple's response to the
sometimes frying the computer for using USB-C docks that work with other
computers is an example of the poorly built computer they are pushing.Though
poorly engineered in terms of video, ssd, and RAM. It is a wonderful typing
experience when using the laptop keyboard. If you are willing to let that guide
you, then, the computer may be worth it if you are willing to set aside another
grand when ssd fails or you plug in the wrong dock to drive an external monitor
even though someone else just had their Intel Mac plugged in and worked just
fine. (Supposedly Apple fix this with an OS update -- good for them.)Even
though I dislike the Mac, it is better than most laptops -- because it is quiet
since it has no fan. Would I buy one again? Perhaps -- it is a question of
whether I think the market exists for me to make money off of it.The good
things:Keyboard, touchpad, Built-In Screen, Build-In Speakers, Drives External
Audio better than Microsoft Windows, and the Operating System is less cluttered
than is Windows. Also, comes with a Spreadsheet, Word Processor, Presentation
Program -- now, it is better just to use something really Libre -- like
LibreOffice. But, it is kind of nice the table steaks are included -- unlike
for Microsoft Windows.
I wanted a new MacBook since it's been several years since I got my last Mac
and the battery was going bad.With a delicious gold color and an overall thin,
sleek design, this computer is for those who want their computer to look a bit
more "fancy" than other options on the market.With the M1 chip, everything is
extremely fast. I was able to set up this new machine with 10 minutes.I am not
sure if I would recommend this machine to those who have recently upgraded to a
Mac (2017 to now) but if it's been several years and you want to splurge, go
for this.As a writer, the keyboard is so smooth and I feel like I can type more
words per minute on this machine.My only complaint is the webcam, while better,
is still not up to par to other computer cameras on the market. FaceTime looks
a bit grainy still and Photo Booth is just a joke. The quality barely looks
different than recent models.Overall, this is a great addition to the Mac
family. I look forward to see how Apple utilizes the M1 chip in the future.83/
100
Love it
As much as I enjoy my new MacBook. It is way too soon to be experiencing
loading delays. I barely have anything loaded on the computer and I have
experienced several delays.
The only issue I have is when watching Apple TV. The sound quality Isaac under
heavy bass
every older generation is practically the same, if you are interested in
getting any mac the macbook air late 2015 model will fit all your needs and if
cleaned properly will work like new. all airs can last extremely long. good
quality laptop M1 chip is very powerful but 90% of users wont be able to use
this mac to its full capacity honestly. But if you looking for an upgrade this
is it, beautiful look, sleek design, light, powerful. will last from freshman
year of college to well in post grad career. i say every mac with proper care
can last a good 5-6 years then should be handed down to a friend. I gave my
last mac book air (2015) away when I got this and my friends says the best
laptop they ever had. again only mac worth buying new if you already own one
and want to upgrade, 90% of those who will use it wont need the power and
capacity it comes with.
Decided to switch from Windows and PC laptops to Apple MacBook and never
turning back. Quality hardware and software and looking forward to many years
of happy use. I can recommend this product.
Great battery charge length – I haven't tested it such that I could report
numbers, but clearly much much better than my previous 2018 Powerbook.Screen
very good.The M1 processor is fast, but as expected didn't work on a few
peripheral (for me) software types. However, these include iDVD and Microsoft
messenger. But then again there may be upgrades available that I feel no
compelling reason to pursue.
I can move it and use it everywhere.
This is my first Mac. It was not hard to get used to it as the laptop itself
works great and has all the features needed. The battery life is extreme. Way
longer than I expected. it also charges real quick. Nice that it uses a USB C
plug to charge, it can be plugged in at any USB C plug. The only thing is that
it only has two USB C ports. No SD or micro SD reader. I used an external
Seagate hard drive with my windows laptop and now use it with the mac, just had
to download free software from Seagate. The hard drive has 2 USB A ports that I
can use to connect some of my devices that don't have a USB C plug. But this
MacBook Air is super cool. The camera and microphone have great picture and
sound quality. I have not even had a need to use my external Blue mic yet.
I appreciate that the price was discounted for a great value. The package was
secure and well-packaged, which was very important, given that this was
delivered via mail. No cracks on the screen. The processing speed is quick,
which is extremely helpful! I appreciate there were instructions, in a small
pamphlet, that explained how to transfer everything from your previous MacBook
to this MacBook. A seamless transition is vital and means less frustration.
This MacBook Air is very user friendly, especially visually. As someone who
wears glasses, I appreciate the option to make the pointer larger, the ability
to have more contrast, etc... That the user manual automatically pops up and
walks you through enhancements and new features makes this even more user-
friendly.
But, I love this laptop. After asking multiple people who have purchased the
same (or better) models and I couldn't be happier purchasing even the lowest
end model of MacBook Air. Does everything I would expect an Apple Computer to
do (for what I need it for, basic photo editing, viewing, and typing). So far
it's been an amazing purchase. Just for the sake of keeping Apple on their toes
I rated the Battery Life 4 stars and the camera quality 4 stars, as well as the
4 star overall review. Keep it up Apple, as long as you continue to make the
products user-friendly I'll remain a happy customer for years to come.
Super duper awesome
Caveats: This is a Mac, so like any other, software choice can be limited. It's
also the new ARM/M1 chip, so certain programs haven't caught up (as of early
2021), especially virtualization (VMWare, VirtualBox) and languages (Haskell).
This is a 13-inch screen, so screen real estate is limited, I couldn't
recommend this as a "daily driver", except maybe for school/university.
Probably a great option if you're frequently on Google Meet or Zoom.Overall:
amazing battery life; unmatched 3D power for the size & price; gorgeous screen
with no color/brightness lost when tilted nor LCD configuration needed to
optimize color, white/black levels; Mac OS Big Sur is constantly fast and
responsive with smooth animation regardless of what is open/running.I've bought
a lot of laptops, but this one surprisingly nice. If you have to have Windows,
or have to stay $1000, get a Microsoft Surface (great too), but if you need a
Mac or can afford the splurge, absolutely get this Air M1.
Smaller form than the Macbook Air it replaced but screen size was the same.
Lighter, too! The rose gold is beautiful and the computer works incredibly well
and is lightning fast. Migration assistant made data transfer from old to new a
piece of cake. Absolutely love it!
There’s nothing I don’t like and I’m sure I have not explored everything in my
new Air. pro, the screen quality is great, I do not have touch screen and I do
not play games on the Computer only on my IPhone.To make along story short,
it’s great.
I'm not really a mac user, but I heard a lot of good stuffs on YouTube about M1
Macbook air and want to give it a try. Guess what. I don't think any Windows
laptop around this price range can beat this M1 Macbook air. No fan, so it is
quiet yet there is almost no heat. Battery life is insanely good. If you are
looking for everyday laptop around 900-1000 bucks, this is it. Highly
recommended. However, if you play games alot (especially Windows games), then
this is a no go.
I used HP laptops for years, their average screen size is like 17, up to almost
20 inch screen size. For this 13 inch MacBook, at first I was surprised, but
the second I set things up I got real excited. Siri is super helpful, Mac is
small, very easy to carry, super convenient. One thing I like the most is the
Touch ID to open laptop. After using Mac I've decided to purchase the latest
iPad, Apple products actually worth the money!
Best price-quality MacBook in the history of Apple.
This Macbook was good until the screen started to glitch on the bottom and left
side of the display. Apple said the screen didn't have damage, but needs to be
replaced. It's 14 months old, outside of the one year warranty, and a new
display costs $428. I will not be buying another Macbook in the future.
I gave this purchase a run around and delayed purchasing it for a good while,
but I cant stress enough how amazing this computer has been. I take it around
with me for studying and playing music and just basic stuff but is amazing, the
m1 chip is quite a game changer.
it is fast and the right side for my purse
Work and play
The camera is not really current. Especially for a laptop in this price range.
It’s not much, if any, better than the toshiba laptop I got at Walmart for $400
back in like 2010. It is actually fine for me because I don’t rely on it for
work or anything. But if you rely on it for virtual meetings, FaceTime, zoom,
etc, you will be disappointed in the camera quality. I have very little need
for the camera so it doesn’t bother me personally. But the camera is absolutely
embarrassing for what has been named the laptop of the year by many, and I
would agree, it’s a great computer. Great battery life, super fast charging,
very light, not quiet—silent. Quiet implies there is a minimal amount of noise.
There is no fan in this and it’s is literally silent. No noise at all, at any
level that I can discern. Really fast. Best laptop I’ve ever had for sure.
This laptop is really fast and the battery lasts really long.The battery lasts
me about a week with just one charge and I find that crazy.There is not fan
noise and this doesn't get hot.The quality is really good.. I mean the way the
laptop opens with one hand and the smooth closing of the lid is really
smooth.The screen isn't the best but its still really good.This laptop has the
M1 chip, fastest chip on the market.This laptop's bench marks are off the
roof.It's great for casual use like, watching movies, using word docs and excel
sheet, coding and video editing.I wouldn't recommend gaming even though basic
games will do just fine.
This Macbook is definitely great for users who want lots of power and
versatility, but don't want to break the bank. It is very lightweight and
sleek.The color (gold) is also very pretty, but keep in mind that it is more of
a pinkish gold than a yellow gold. However, the camera quality is not great for
such an otherwise powerful laptop. Especially in this era of zooming and
FaceTiming, a good camera is essential in a laptop. It's not terrible, but its
not great either. Another thing - the front lid of the MacBook got a couple of
scratches very easily. I was able to get them off, but I would suggest getting
a good quality case to ensure that this doesn't happen. All in all I would rate
this Macbook a 4.5/5! Definitely lived up to the hype!
The display is wonderful. Touchpad is very responsive. I love the size and
weight. Very easy to use anywhere
Love apple, but wish it was easier to adapt and find thing after using windows
for so long. I have to search in safari for answers. Once, I figure out
everything I will be much happier because it is so much faster.
I needed a new computer and this one is just right for me. Very easy to set up
and user friendly. I don't know a lot about computers but my sons said I made a
good choice with this one. The rose gold is a fun color and a change from drab
gray or silver.
Likes:- Great performance despite seemingly underpowered on paper.- Battery
life is outstandingDislikes:- There were repeated Safari crashes for first few
weeks (since cleared up)- MagSafe plug is gone, though it's nice to have
standard USB-C power.- Expensive storage upgrades- A lot of software is still
unoptimized for new M1 hardware, but performance is generally acceptable even
so- CapsLock delay continues to annoy the hell out of meOther:- Keyboard is
fine (upgrading from a 2014 MacBook Pro keyboard, which was solid)- Good for
lightweight software development
A plus quality as expected however no port outlets for other services
Like the updated M1 processor. Like the extra memory. Don't like the "Left
outs". No lighted apple logo on the cover. It was replaced by a mirror like
decal. (Cheap) Don't like the lack of ports. No HCMI, no SDHC memory slot for
you camera memory chip, you need to buy adaptor for USBC and there are only 2
on the left none on the right only a 3.5 mm audio jack. In addition when
charging the unit there is no indication, no light no sound, nothing that lets
you know it is charging.Cheap, cheap cheap....shame on you Apple.
This is my 4th Mac laptop, the earlier ones were all MacBook Pros. I was
reticent about getting an Air, but with the M1 chip, this thing is a superb
replacement. So small & light, yet speedy. Only drawback is the fixed 8GB RAM
complement. I take care not to send the thing into swap- suspending old browser
tabs is essential.
I left the Apple product line years ago due to their practice of "forced
obsolesce" with early iPhone models. Having worked in IT for most of my career
I like being able to have full control of my device. Apple mostly locks up
their devices.But, I decided to give the MacBook Air 2020 a chance because: 1.
my MS Surface didn't last long enough for the money and it, too, is hardware
locked and 2. I was impressed with the M1 specification.After playing with this
machine I have to say the M1 is AWESOME! The screen response is shockingly
quick in comparison to other PCs and Apple devices.I highly recommend ONLY
buying an Apple device WITH a M1 processor.
Lightweight, blazing fast, easy to use, battery life is incredible with the new
Apple M1 chip. A typical Great Apple product.However, there is only a
Thunderbolt port, so you now have to go out and buy a cable to convert USB to
thunderbolt (if you want to use a backup hard drive) or other USB items, AND, I
had to buy yet another cable to sync my phone's lightning port to the
thunderbolt port on the computer. Total $56.I LOVE Apple product, and worked
for them in my caerer, but I would wait on buying this version until the
software for it has been developed.UPDATE: After several months of using this
computer, I have have found several things of concern:1. my notification center
keeps disappearing, despite my constant reinstalling the widgets.2. my
computer's calendar, reminders, and photo stream do not sync with my IOS
devices (iPhone & iPad). If I add an item to calendar on my phone, it will
appear on my mac but not vice versa. Reminders will not sync regardless of
which device I originate the item on.I have contacted Apple support on all
these issues and they cannot solve the problem.IT APPEARS THAT THE BUGS HAVE
NOT BEEN WORKED OUT, YET. THINGS ARE MADDENINGLY CLUNKY!
The MacBook Air is as advertised. Fast and easy to use with a long battery
life. Too few ports for my taste, and the keyboard is only OK. I use a Logitech
mouse via Bluetooth, and it is responsive. One positive surprise is that the
speakers in the laptop are better than those I've used in bigger machines.
The computer is everything I thought it would be. Gave the camera a 3 star
because quality could be better but I don’t use FaceTime as much so it’s not a
big deal to me. Overall so worth the money. Great investment for my book
writing and finances.Definitely a major upgrade from my HP.Now I wasn’t sure
who to contact about delivery or where to write it but I don’t appreciate
having told them I want someone to sign for it being it is a high value priced
item and it was just thrown on my porch and I wasn’t notified at all then when
I go look it says it was directly handed to me. Don’t like liars so Amazon you
need to get it together because if this would have gotten stolen I would have
raised hell for my money back.-thanks.
Hey it’s an Apple product so it’s made well and is quality!
Excellent battery, speedy, lightweight. You do not often come across these
three benefits together. This is still a great purchase if you (like me) do the
regular zoom meetings, graphic design, edit 4k video, some spreadsheet work and
occasionally edit batches of 100 photos in raw format in Lightroom. Go spend
some more in a M1 Pro or Max if you really need that much computational power
for 3d or heavy 8k video editing.
I purchased the MacBook Air to replace a 4th Gen Surface Pro that was down to
about 30 minutes of battery life. I purchased an Intel Mac Mini about six
months ago and was intrigued by recent news articles regarding the M1 chip. I'm
thrilled with the added battery life on the new device and amazed by the speed
difference between my Intel-based mini vs. the M1. Out of the box, adding a
full charge, the new Mac estimates 19+ hours of battery life. I've been using
the computer for three hours, four open apps, and have bumped the battery gauge
to 98%. Think I've eliminated battery anxiety. App launches are two to three
times faster on the Air vs. my Mini. The new laptop is zippy! I'm thrilled with
my new laptop and look forward to many years together.
I got this for school after my hp computer's battery stopped working. It's
really great for the price! the screen resolution is really nice and the touch
id is a good add on. I really wish apple would make touch screen macbooks but
they probably never will. it also doesn't have a usb port which is kind of
weird. learning the controls takes some time but overall a great computer!
I love this computer. It is very light and easy to travel with. It is not air
cooled so not hot bottom or the noise of a fan cooling system. Was super easy
to set up.
I had a 2008 MacBook Pro that I used until 2014. I then switched back to a PC
until purchasing this M1 MacBook a month ago. I don’t know why I haven’t been
using a Mac sooner. Having messages and FaceTime and synced with my phone,
along with MS office functionality makes this computer a dream to use.Only
issue I had was using a usb c to display port plug to plug into my monitor.
Worked great until the latest update of Big Sur. Have an open case with Apple
and they seem perplexed, but a quick review of reddit shows this seems to be an
issue with the M1 chip. I ended up purchasing a usb-c to hdmi adapter and have
had no further issues, except being out $15 for the first cable.
Like any laptop this laptop has its little quirks but overall this is one of
the best laptops to purchase. I don't know if this is touchscreen but its not
that big of a deal for a person like me . The picture/ video quality is great
to look at and is very clear but the Photo Booth camera kinda sucks which is a
little disappointing . Other than these little things the laptop is pretty fast
and has all the essential app to create .
Amazing system but run into issue so had to return the product.
FASTEST PERFORMANCE , LONG BATTERY LIFE, LIGHTWEIGHT,COMPACT, GREAT SECURITY
FEATURES, TOO MANY THINGS TO LIST BUT THEN IT IS AN APPLE!
This purchase for me was an upgrade from a old MacBook Pro I’ve been using for
over 4 years got a refurbished MacBook Pro 2012 for Christmas 4 years ago so I
when I saw the 2020 MacBook Air new not refurbished for 899 bucks I jumped on
it and I’m glad I did because it’s a great MacBook fast efficient I edit videos
for YouTube everyday and this MacBook does it way faster than my old slow
MacBook Pro so I’m very happy a must buy for sure
Such a high quality and well-built piece of computing equipment. The M1
processor is a huge leap forward.
I’ve owned Mac’s for over 25 years and this is the worst I’ve ever owned. First
off, the mouse buttons are a new horrible design that often do not recognize
mouse clicks. Clicking this mouse is the worst experience I’ve ever had on any
computer before. My previous 2018 Mac was much better in so many ways.Also i
hate that this new Mac only has 2 ports both being USB-c. One is used to charge
which means you only have a single USB-c port for use. Another huge
downgrade.Also this Mac has the fancy new fingerprint scanner unlock and yet it
forces me to re-enter my password constantly. So what is the point of a
fingerprint scanner if i still need to re-enter my password 80% of the time?The
keyboard also feels cheap and is very uncomfortable to use, another downgrade
from my 2018 Mac. Literally this thing feels like a massive downgrade in nearly
every way.
Best laptop i’ve ever owned 🫶🏼
Had mine since April and I gotta tell you, I’m literally lost for words. I
won’t make this length cause I don’t have to, all you need to know is that this
is a must have for anyone wanting to get productivity and entertainment out of
a laptop.
I absolutely love this laptop. I'm a software engineer and as you can imagine I
spend a lot of time of the computer. This computer is lightning fast, a dream
to type on, and it has a beautiful screen. The only downside is that camera
quality, which is absolutely atrocious. I have a desktop PC that I do my web
conferencing over anyways, so it's not big deal for me. If you really care
about the webcam, I would suggest purchasing a third-party webcam. Other than
that, I highly recommend this product and I could not be more pleased with it.
I love this MacBook! The battery life is amazing and I have been able to
complete work tasks easily. I love the size because I can carry the MacBook
when I travel without having to use a big laptop bag. The screen quality is
great, but I had a little difficulty seeing the screen outside in a sunny area.
Although, when I found some shade I had no problems at all. I am not outside
much in the sun on the MacBook so this isn’t a big deal for me. Overall, great
product in my opinion. It is perfect for what I need to do for work.
Amazed that it uploaded all my files and I for from cloud. Just turned it on
and it worked, syncing with phones and iPad 👏👏👏👏
Quality of item was state-of-the-art. Delivery was exceptional. Elegant
packaging. Seller is first-rate and choice.
Amazon had the best price at the time. Great machine. The keyboard is sublime.
There are plenty of online reviews on websites and YouTube. This machine truly
hits the sweet spot.
I ordered the Macbook to use for my model railroad. I now use it as my portable
computer. it is small and powerful........
Wonderrful upgrade, easy to migrate and Amazon delivered as promised.
My husband bought me one for Christmas 2020 and my son loved it so we bought
him one for Christmas 2021. Great laptop, great price for MacBook. Only thing
is I wish it was a touch screen. Love it!!!
Top quality computer
The MacBook Air is an amazing machine! I absolutely love it!!! I only wish that
it had more ports on it. Not a huge deal because I bought a hub for more ports,
but would have been nice to see more ports on this thing. Other than that, I
love how responsive it is, and I love the picture quality! Also, the battery
life on this thing is unreal!!! I have left it off the charger for well over a
week and have not needed to charge it. It is amazing!!!
it works really well! the screen quality is very good and clear. I’ve been
doing schoolwork on mine and it allows me to do things my other computer will
not. overall a very beautiful laptop and great purchase! would recommend!!
Personal use - replaces my previous MacBook Air.Great improvements to a
classic.
Honestly all I know is that my daughter loves it and thats all that matters to
me!
I’m a college student and bought this right before my semester started and it
is my most favorite thing!! I was kind of hesitant it would be fake but it
really is the real deal and I love my MacBook Air!
found it complicated and deprecated quickly. The purchase price for me was 1000
saw it at 90 less 2 months later now it's almost $200 less. Don't feel too good
about this,
First Mac laptop I’ve owned and I’m very impressed! Display colors are
incredible. Processing speed with the M1 chip is amazing. Super long battery
life and light weight. So much packed in a thin design!
In general I love this MacBook Air. I have had other Apple products but this is
my first laptop. It has a great display, it opens easily with touch
(fingerprint) ID, you can move easily from here to there and not lose any
information. It is great for most purposes. The things I have had trouble with
are the Apple word processing, spreadsheet or presentation programs, so I
continue to use Office 365. That is not totally fair in this review as the
device is wonderful!
This laptop actually lives up to all the hype about the M1 chip and such. It is
lightning fast, smooth, clear easy to read screen and the battery lasts and
lasts for all day and then some. Also I have noticed that with any normal use
it doesn't even get warm so the lack of a fan is not a detriment but nice as a
nonexistent fan can't make any noise. I was slightly skeptical but as a
multiple APPLE owner not surprised I was happy. Seriously I just sent a 3 year
old iPad that had been used hard daily for a battery replacement and received a
brand new iPad 3 days after I sent it in. Thats service as well.
beautiful laptop, powerfull, slim. not like their phones lol.
Great value and device my youngest daughter loves it.
Completely closed and never used. Excellent but excellent laptop. Great
investment
Just like the picture ♥️
Needed a laptop with more capabilities for school and it fits the bill I
haven’t had no issues with it and it works great and fast.
I absolutely love this laptop. it gets the job done for what I need it for for
work. I ran into one issue where I shut it down to charge for some time and
then when I tried to restart it it was just a black screen with the arrow on
the screen and I had to do a hard restart on it. it has only done that once
since I got this but so far I do love it. I have and apple iPhone, iPad, and an
Apple Watch and it was very easy to get all systems on the same page.
This thin laptop is attractive and works efficiently. Great graphics.
I am glad it finally came, took longer then advertised for shipping. Came with
everything as advertised. No broken seals.
I bought what I considered to be a “Rose Gold” MacBook and it’s absolutely
beautiful. It works just as well. I’m just Mac’ing away with course studies as
well as my business. Now I can work at home or take it with me wherever I go.
It’s light weight and the resolution is amazing. So much better than the laptop
I was using.
Love this computer !
Love this computer! I am a PC user switching to Mac for the first time! The
computer comes in perfect condition and extra boxes for additional
protection.It also arrived so quickly even when it was Black Friday. Thanks
Amazon!
Can't add much that hasn't already been said. I upgraded from a 2017 MacBook
Air and find this to be superior in just about every way. The battery life is
at least twice what the 2017 was, the screen is much better, the keyboard is
better, the overall size of the computer is smaller and I love the larger
haptic feedback touchpad. I don't use the camera but it isn't the greatest from
what I understand and I do kind of miss the magsafe connector.
It’s an Apple. That really says it all.
I use this product for work.
Pros. I Love the new M1 processor, I had an i5 MacBook air before this one that
was fast, this one is to me compares to the i9 for speed.Cons, I don't like
that you have to buy an adapter to have a USB or to use my camera SD card, plus
they took away the magnetic cord you charge with now it is just a plug-in like
the Macbook Pro. Being a Computer tech I see problems in the future with it
being a plug, they always seem to loosen up as the years go on. Other than that
I LOVE IT!
It was a very nice laptop! Loved the color. The specs was great. I am not very
comfortable or familiar with Apple products. Returned for a refund and bought a
Windows laptop. Really wanted to keep it but had a hard time figuring out how
to use it.
Very fast. Should come with a converter for USB.
Great computer… came packaged very nicely. Good purchase.
Best laptop you can buy but mine came scratched idk why Apple is trying to
punish me for but it's fine. Also be really careful because the screen is
special, it has a coating for retina display and even touching it or gently
cleaning it can remove some of the coating and leave subtle blue marks. Sound
is boxy I'd recommend SpeakerAmp and choose flat sound to get a clearer sound.
But nothing is perfect of course and for that price this is a great investment
I am not a computer nerd, I use my computer to finish charts from work when I
am at home or to just browse the web so the MacBook Air was all I needed. I
love the screen, the keyboard, size, and weight.
This MBA is fan-TAS-tic to use. It can run unplugged all day. The speaker is
sufficiently loud, and the hi-rez screen is eye-popping.But using a Mac
laptop's USB-C port for power, after more than a decade of Mag-Safe bliss, is
darn-near CRIMINAL. Thankfully, we still have capitalism, and there are a
number of 3rd-party workaround devices that mimic Mag-Safe to a greater-or-
lesser degree. Sigh.
The only thing I can’t figure out , and I haven’t put much effort into it since
I’m in the hospital is how to turn on the touch screen option. I thought it
would be automatically on . Other than that I love my new MacBook Air Laptop
and would recommend it to anyone looking for a laptop computer
I'm a mac guy and have been purchasing mac products for years. I was taken back
by the camera quality on this product. It was strange that the 2015 macbook air
that I sold before getting this 2020 version had a much better camera. The
camera quality is horrible. It almost looks like a camera from 2001. Other than
that the product is great, and does what it needs to do.
I love this laptop it’s very light it’s very thin the screen is a great size
not too big not too small the battery life is great Mine did not come with the
touchscreen but I really don’t have a need for it the keyboard is perfectly
fine I highly recommend this laptop I can’t say anything bad about it would buy
it again
I upgraded from MBP2018 15" to MBA 2020 , simply too good value, much lighter
in weight, but the running speed is actually my old computer is still very
smooth too, the screen improvement is obvious
This is my very first MacBook! I’ve been wanting to have one but couldn’t
afford it. I was using my Sony laptop since 2004 and it finally broke. I
thought, if I was gonna buy a new laptop it should be MacBook so I did save
some money for it, but my savings could only afford MacBook Air 2020. I love
it! It’s looks cool and I enjoy using it and will probably use until it lasts
lol.
Exceeded all expectations. Amazing entry level Mac.
She use for job
I had a MacBook Pro 13 2015...that machine lasted a long time and I love it. It
dropped and I needed a replacement fast. MacBook Air 2020 is not a
disappointment. The battery life even if downloading is incredible. I had it
downloading all night and I still have a charge. It was only a slow download
because the internet speed sucks. The touch ID is a delight. I love the picture
quality. So far I am so impressed. Hopefully it will last as much as the other
lasted.
It’s perfect and fast shipping
This is a M1 Macbook Air what more can we say? We went with Used - Good
Condition Space Gray in order to save money and so far everything looks and
works well. There were 2 battery cycles, minor signs of use on the bottom, and
the charger was obviously used but otherwise its in good shape. There were
about 8 months of factory warranty left and I couldn't add applecare+ since it
was bought used so I went with a 3rd party warranbty service instead.
The best laptop for everyday tasks
I was looking for a laptop that was easy to use, light and portable since I
live in a apartment with wife and 2 kids there is no space to have a full blown
desk so I needed something small and fast and this new MacBook Air is perfect,
I love everything about it, battery life is great but then again I mostly use
it for light web browsing and email checking nothing heavy
Battery life is great, once you are not doing to much things. I had a glitch
with the mouse the first day I bought it. But I have not seen it again from
that day. It is portable, nice slim laptop, not heavy, work well so far. Camera
quality is not so good, I think apple could have updated their camera quality,
but it is fine anyways, usable. The speakers are loud and nice. Nice sound
quality.
I bought this to replace a 2015 MacBook Pro, and it’s worked out great. Better
screen and better battery life. Much faster processor. Also much thinner and
lighter yet I can use my existing laptop sleeve. Happy with this.
I love my MacBook Air! I chose gold, it’s such a beautiful classy color. It
came in original packaging packed very safely. I haven’t tried the camera yet.I
switched to iPads since 2010 and haven’t missed crashing windows one bit. I
needed to do a few things my iPad wouldn’t do a Mac it was! The battery life is
amazing, and the screen brightness is great, I’ve heard it isn’t bright as the
MacBook Pro but I can’t believe anything would be brighter! I can’t put the
brightness but half way up.
The MacBookAir does not have a touch screen and I don't use it for gaming. It
is a great notebook just as it is.
Amazing
No issues with this MacBook, came in perfect condition, very easy to navigate,
LOVE the Touch ID, and the camera quality is okay, not as good as a phone. The
battery lasts about an entire day, and the charger that comes with it is super
high quality. Buttons are very big and easy to see and push, the lighting on
them is perfect. The touch pad being bigger is wonderful! Very light and easy
to handle, get as much storage as you can afford. Able to do everything I need
& more, 100% recommend.
What a great improvement over my old MacBook Pro. This is my third such
computer. It keeps me in touch with the world and Amazon. What bugs me is the
razzle dazzle passwords I must come up with to access other sites which is why
I use Amazon almost exclusively There are so many goodies on this one that I
will probably use only a few, though it is made for the new generation of
users. Great product. Thanks Applel
Great laptop, feels so premium. Fast enough for common use and the battery mas
a lot, I have to charge it every three or four days.
I am not computer savvy, but find this Mac to be easy to use. I was limping
along on a 12 year old MacBook Pro and could not even update to the new OS (Big
Sur), so it was time. I didn't need the big footprint of a MacBook Pro so this
is a good fit. I'm still finding my way around but so far, so good.
I have been a Mac user for a long time and this one is certainly up to
standards. Got some great help from Mac setting it up and ended the
frustrations of my old one.
After a month of usage, the keyboard does not respond accurately, it repeats
different keys and numbers. The delete key sometimes work sometimes it does
not. I tried refreshing and it did not work. I had to send it get checked to
see what the problem is. I think is hardware. Bad luck! If you can, pay
international warranty coverage.
I'm giving this a 5 star because the laptop is perfect for what it is and the
seller was great, however I watched multiple YouTube videos glorifying the M1
chip as being fast enough that 8GB could handle a ton of open applications. I
need a bunch of tabs open for my work, use Canva constantly, and occasionally
need to open Photoshop too so I needed to return this and buy 16GB. But that's
my fault and the YouTube reviews faults, not the laptop. Battery life is
amaaaazing though!
We own a MacBook Pro but needed a second laptop to keep the marriage from going
off the tracks. Bought the MacBook Air and are very pleased. It's lighter than
our pro, has similar performance, is a bit lighter and cheaper. The only
negative is that its two USBC ports are on one side, makes it trickier to keep
it plugged in our seating situation. Probably not an issue for most. Oh, the
battery life seems better than the Pro. Definitely recommend it.
It’s a good quality
Get this computer for all intents and purposes! I bought it for IT and database
administration and I just wanted a computer who could think for me. This is it.
Along with its long computer time and screen life
so my thoughts are on the M1 air version and I must say its a great machine for
the price it's my first apple device as I'm a pc gamer but I had to have this
because of the ARM chipset being that it surpasses a lot of x86 chipsets it's
very impressive the battery life is by far the most impressive thing about
it...nothing at the moment beats the battery life it's great it has a great IPS
display as well looks very vivid and sharp
I love it. This is my first IOS computer and I’m in love. The quality put into
it is top notch. This is my primary computer for school and everyday use. It’s
well worth the investment!!
Was given as a Christmas gift.
Ive had this computer for 2 months now, and I still can’t find a single thing
to complain about. The battery will last me 12 hours of gaming, something I
didn’t think was even possible out of a high-performance laptop. When I say
high performance, I mean it. This thing runs Minecraft on 60 fps with fancy
graphics and 24 chunks of render distance; and it doesn’t even get hot! This is
probably one of the best tech purchases I’ve ever made.
My great grandson uses this for online schooling. Perfect. He is very happy.
I absolutely love love my new lap top! I had a Macbook Air in college and now I
have one for working at home and for traveling if the desire arises! The price
is great and the quality is excellent, I noticed other reviews commenting on
the quality of the video, however I do not see it being grainy at all!
Nowhere was it mentioned that this is the castrated 7 GPU Core version. Feeling
deceived. In addition, the 8 GB RAM / 256GB SSD Version is nigh useless for
anything beyond websurfing. Having multiple apps open concurrently almost
immediately yields the spinning beach ball of death. With a regular set of
apps, like the MS Office suite, the disk fills up in no time. Now OS updates
are not working, since they require at least 15 GB disk space. But - battery
life is out of this world, with the CPU temp sitting at 36C!
Beautiful and looks really nice. Quality looks like true Apple quality. Battery
life is respectable. No touch screen but keyboard makes it easy to use
This was my first MAC purchase! the QUALITY, ENGINEERING, CRAFTMANSHIP is TOP
notch! Surprisingly NOT HARD to adapt to using coming from a PC! VERY happy..
absolutely LOVE all the VERY helpful features, still discovering NEW ones &
FASTER ways to do things on it EVERYDAY. Plus it LOOKS like a million bucks &
very nice/addictive feel to the the touch.. can't say ENOUGH GOOD things about
MacBook Air.. APPLE - - you've hit a GRAND SLAM with this one & the M1 chip!!
thanks.
Excelent.
Upgraded from my 2014 MacbookAir b/c it was slowing down. This 2020 MacbookAir
started out great, but within 3 weeks it's slowing down too! Display is more or
less fine. Front camera quality seems to have deteriorated somewhat. But trying
to open applications, download/upload files, etc . . . is getting slow now and
it's annoying.
I have to reset this thing at least 5 times per week in the middle of meetings
and such for no reason. I've done all the updates and it's brand new, it just
doesn't work. I'm guessing this has to do with the fact that it has an Apple
chip instead of an Intel one, and like most things Apple actually makes its
glitchy and unreliable. Makes sense that it was on sale. If you have to buy an
Apple try to get the ones that have the fewest Apple parts as possible.
Received at the right time to assist with job
Everything that Apple does is top of the line and you can’t do any better.
No complaints so far - in fact, I am actually very impressed! The battery life
is incredible (although I have only had it for two days!) and the screen,
keyboard, and body are great. I had a Macbook Pro (2012) eons ago and this is
obviously far and above that.I was a bit nervous buying from Amazon but I was
impatient and couldn't wait the 2+ weeks it was going to take from Apple or
Best Buy. It arrived quickly and in perfect condition.
Perfect perfect perfect. Nothing damaged and I got it for a good price! 100
dollars off at the time. Thank you ❤️❤️❤️
It may replace my iPad Pro 11” based on my use so far.
Other then battery life this thing is awesome. No complaints, lightning fast,
never had a single problem with anything as of yet. Would like the battery to
last more then a few hours but it could also be everything I have running on
the computer. Overall I would recommend this to my friends and family
My first Apple product. Great hardware and software. Coming from Windows Lifer,
it had been no problem getting upto speed on Big Sur. Got it on promotion too
for 850. No brainer.Best laptop purchase I ever made.
Nice computer
This is my first MacBook and I like it for the price, but touchbar isa bit
weird. As i find out this is not fault apple just have this kind of touchbars.
I had acer predator helios 300 before this and it has much better toucbar. Much
comfortable in every aspect.
I'm a PC guy, not a apple fanboy. Credit where is deserved though, Apple does
make nice if overpriced devices. It definitely has the best screen of any
laptop I've bought. The M1 battery life and performance is quite impressive for
a laptop for this size and price. Keyboard is good too. Points deducted for
apple pulling it's usual crap.... Only 8 gigs of ram and 256 of storage. Lack
of ports too.
Like every Apple product, this is top notch. The original M1 chip is clearly
outstanding, the speeds are phenomenal, and the batter life is tremendous.
Certainly no complaints here!
My first time MacBook experience, there are many things to learn, my iPhone and
iPad experiences helps, that is the Apple system, its shares so many apps,
functionalities, the M1 chip is amazing, laptop never got warm and I use it for
three or four days without charging.I have migrated many window office
documents to Mac, am still learning so far I'm impressed with the new Mac air.
quality is top notch
Finally got my MacBook Air. So far so good. Value for money. I have used
windows all my life. My first MacBook. Will share an update.
Good product. Shipped quickly and arrived earlier than expected. Highly
recommend.
I'm a Windows guy. I bought this because I am creating a few apps. The apps
aren't ready; so I really haven't used it yet, beyond exploring for a few
hours. It's neither fast, nor large, by today's standards, but it is solid,
light, and robust with Apple's latest release. It'll last for years.No way to
connect Apple's top products: Mac Air and iPhone. I guess I need more cables.
Please, sir, take more of my money.
Once you own one of this you will never buy the windows crap.
Also I have been a Microsoft user for many many years, I decided to take the
leap for a new OS and computer to expand my technology IQ and support for a new
OS.I am impress by the small footprint-weight and especially the speed,
resolution and ease of use with Mac OS Big Surf functionally. I would encourage
anyone wanting to take the same leap- this the computer to start. I have
evening carried over some my Windows OS applications- i.e. Office 0365- it
works
The configuration is not high, but the running speed is very fast.Convenient
for home and office!
It's an apple product, so it always lives up (or even surpasses) the
expectation. My daughter loves the color and the size. Now I feel like I need
one myself!
First time owning a MacBook, I didn't want to cheap out on a good computer for
school so I chose this and it does not fail to deliver. Very responsive and
runs smooth when operating, I even don't mind using it without a mouse as it's
trackpad is excellent. Crazy how this thing is so quiet. Very happy with the
purchase!
I absolutely love it! Bought it because I’m a math major in college and it’s
just what I needed! It charges fast and stays charged! I never shut my computer
down but put it to sleep and battery is still good! I haven’t used it to it’s
max ability so I’m not sure 100% of what it can and can’t do! It’s light and is
gorgeous.
Never owned a Mac and now never going back to Windows. So smooth and fast with
phenomenal battery life up to 8+ hours. Great screen as well with backlit
keyboard. Easy to transfer files from Windows. This is money well spent
replacing a 5+ years old slow heavy HP laptop!
I never owned a Mac before and I am very pleased with this purchase. I was
nervous about ordering it off Amazon at first but it was slightly cheaper and
came in exactly two days. No issues with damages or overall quality. Screen
quality/graphics are great. I am able to play most of the computer games I
wanted to on here with no overheating issues. Battery lasts a while depending
on what I am doing and charges very quickly.
My whole experience with ordering a MacBook off of amazon was amazing. It was
smooth and easy, and showed up to my front door extremely early. I would
venture to say that it was one of my favorite purchases and amazon made it that
much easier. I would recommend for anybody to do this same thing.
best seller and good product
Easy to use and fast
This new Mac is more powerful than all previous versions, runs silent (no
fans), dissipates heat under the heaviest of loads with no throttling, and does
so while lasting 48 hours on a chafe and being almost as light as your
phone.People taking about M1 being an issue either don’t know enough to figure
it out or are straight lying. Everything works fine.If you’re looking to
upgrade, you can’t go wrong with this.
Love it cant wait to use it
Needless to say, I love my Macbook Air. This is the first time I purchased a
laptop that's apple. I have owned one in the past, but it felt good actually
purchasing my own this time. Now I not only have an Ipad, Apple Watch, Apple
phone but I now have an Apple Macbook Air.
I love that this laptop is lightweight and the perfect size. Thought it was
going to be much smaller but thankfully it was just right!
Did not like the color. The gold is NOT gold, rather rose gold. So this is a
misrepresentation on the color. If you think it will be true gold color, you
will be disappointed. It looks and is rose gold has a pink color to the gold.
What’s not to like? It’s a great Apple product! Bought to replace a 2013
MacBook Pro that worked flawlessly right up until it was destroyed in an
accident. Setting it up and getting on with my life was pretty seamless, as it
has been on every Apple product I’ve ever upgraded. I’m enjoying the increased
speed and more up to date features as a bonus — especially longer battery life!
Bought this for my mom, she wanted to use a mouse. I gave her one of my old
mouse. Where is the usb port? 20 more dollars for an addon for usb ports!, 720
camera still on a 2020 product come one!Everything else is great. wow, woah
A windows user now with first Mac, very nice, processing video and photographs
are excellent. It's light weight and no fan equals no noise!
Saved $100 over the price at the Apple Store. Good deal for an Apple.
Got it for my daughter for school. I asked her after she spent some time with
it- how is it? Her response was- I LIKE IT!!! That answers all my questions!
That's all I want to know. Apple 🍎👌
Great computer. Arrived quickly!
If you're a heavy user, go for the 16 gig model. The 8 gigs 8s good enough for
day to day task, plus the battery is unbelievable. Easily goes for 2 days
without worries
I had a MacBook Pro that is over ten years old and has served me well, but it
was time to upgrade. Happy so far, the light weight is awesome, keyboard is
excellent and quiet, so far so good!
Great laptop! Nice and easy to work!
This is my first laptop and I’m real happy with the purchase. The speakers on
this are nice and loud I love it. The size is a great size, not too big and
definitely not too small, it’s just right. The screen is great too love the
picture quality and it gets brights. I’m not super in tune with all the laptop
lingo and things that matter but as a person who just bought their first
laptop, definitely worth it.
Unexpectedly this turned out to be a espectacular laptop. Yes, some
applications are still not available natively for the M1 chip but even through
emulation they are very fast to use. Camera despite having the same.720p res it
has a better image quality and I assume this is due to the chip processing
image better than intel. For everyday use this is perfect for other tasks such
as programming not yet.
Blazing fast! This was my first Mac and I was Only familiar with iOS devices so
I can compare to past models. But I can say that the MacBooks with the M1 chips
our as fast as an iPad when it comes to light duty things.
This is the first Apple computer I've ever had and I adore my Mac. I originally
bought it for editing my videos for my YouTube channel (Rae of Sun Asmr) which
is still its main function. Now however, I almost prefer watching things like
Netflix, etc. on here vs on my actual television. Picture quality on this thing
is superior. Highly recommend.
I'm absolutely stunned by this laptop, it's pefect in every way. Super fast
with incredible screen quality and the outside color (rose gold) is beautiful!!
It's extremely light and can be carried anywhere. I did get a protector because
I was afraid to damage it since it's so light I felt like I could add a bit of
protection so I put a clear plastic case and it still feels very thin and
light.
This is replacing a 11 inch air that I spilled a beer on. I pretty much love
everything about it except the bigger size and heavier weight. Battery life is
amazing. Speed, still hard to get used to.I loved the smaller size though.
One person found this helpful
I love my MacBook, battery is so good. Camera isn’t amazing but it’s pretty
good, but you have to remember…. This is a laptop. Prefect for zoom! So as long
as your not taking your MacBook on a photo shoot, camera quality is great!
Screen is small. But it’s fine! Lighter than a feather!
WINNER WINNER APPLE DINNER...it is a gem...software setup cumbersome but once
done...it kicks assTHe trackpad lil stiff on clicking to select...guess
breaking in will solve it...Rosetta 2 had to be installed..so it can run intel
based apps..if you get pop up ...install it...had me goingBut for the money..it
is fast..and installed new update...loads of preinstalled goodies...APPLE got
this one right...the webcam they should have splurged on...they couponed out
..but good enough...3rd party apps will fix
M1 processor performs great. Would rate a 5 if I could run my iPad
applications. Limited apps compared to iPhone and iPad. Hopefully this will
improve.
Best computer i have ever had, very good job Apple. Comparing to many brands
HP, Acer, Dell, etc this is a rocket based on price, speed, image, performance,
everything. just the best buy you can ever have, dont doubt it for a second.Btw
i rarely do reviews for stuff i buy but it deserves it, could not be happier!
Good value,I use it for music productionJust get a 16Gb memory for a better
experience.
Bought this for my daughter and now my wife wants one too!Very thin and light
weight.
M1 chip is faster than core i5. I see there is quite a big difference in
machine handling concurrent applications at a time. Really nice improvement by
Apple.
The battery life in this laptop exceeds everything I've ever seen before. On a
full charge after being on standby for a week I still have 90% battery left. In
the past I've always been afraid to leave my laptop for any period of time
without shutting it down. Now I never shut it down. an occupational reboot
after an update or something is all it needs.
Very fast! Starts right up! Only complaint is wish it had the old magnetic
power plug and more usb connections. Other then that, fantastic!
Really love my mac, but when it's arrived there is some stink out of it. I
guess these Mac's are being kept at a damp warehouse or something.
I have own a apple iPad and now this ,it is everything I could ask for in a
laptop.I have own several other laptops made by different manufacturers and
everyone failed me! this is far better and very easy to setup I had no problems
setting it up at all! very pleased and would highly recommend this to anyone
looking for a fast and powerful laptop!
This little puppy gets the job done at half the price of the bigger one. Great
deal from Amazon.
This has been the best purchase I have made in a very long time. My computer
can go days without needed a recharge and has a sheik finish. I have shared
this link with many already. The greatest of all is that it last for years!
this item is very good. I buy it for my son who is going to college in Shouth
DAKOTA at MOUNT MARTY university, He is happy and am happy for him.
Powerful laptop that can handle music production and djing softwares without
problems. This computer is so light and thin that it is unbelievable how well
it works.There is no need to buy a Macbook Pro M1. Shop this one without
hesitation.
This MacBook is super fast and convenient to use. Typical Apple quality but yes
you will have to pay a price for it. The M1 chip is amazing and worth it. Wish
the bezels weren't as big but you can't get everything right? Highly recommend
if you are a fan of Apple. Very lightweight and portable.
Great screen, surprisingly amazing speakers, unparalleled speed and battery
life.
Love it great price and as advertised
Highy recomended, lightweight, portable, easy to carry
It’s amazing. It has everything I need and more to be able to stay on track
from day to day life. It’s by far the best to me out there right now
Came on time and without a scratch. Save money and buy from here
This Mac is the fastest that I have had. Wakeup is instant. The fingerprint
reader is exceptional. Screen quality is tops. Connectivity to external devices
is simple and easy. Very satisfied
Attractive gold colour that looks like rose gold, lightweight, speedy. Ideal
for browsing the internet, reading emails, Microsoft Office. Purchased brand
new from the Apple Store on Amazon - "Ship and Sold by Amazon". Received in
pristine condition with one year Apple Warranty.
First venture into Mac. Laptop has some heft to it with a nice aluminum
chassis. Screen is sharp, very bright and responsive. Keyboard is on par with
other laptops I use daily (Lenovo). Blows standard laptops out of the water
with battery life.
The m1 MacBook Air is the perfect machine blending the best aspects of cell
phone computing with the functionality of a laptop. This means unparalleled
performance, amazing battery life, and beautiful screen quality. Along with
these improvements the keyboard is also refined and no longer used the dreaded
scissor mechanism. The only improvement I could ask for is the webcam.
I absolutely love this MacBook!! It has a finger print scan to unlock it and to
fill in passwords which is so handy. The battery life lasts for a long time.
The screen quality is flawless. It’s super fast and comes with so many useful
apps on it!
Beautiful laptop. I’ve upgraded from the MacBook Air of old...so far this
laptop has blown it away. It wasn’t overly pricey to be honest and I feel it’s
worth the price. Overall look is great and keyboard feel is nice. Larger
touchpad is great, I’ve paired my Magic Trackpad 2 with it as well.
I love, love, love this computer. I just love the fact of having everything in
the cloud. When I try to look at some file that I was working on my MacBook
from my phone, it will come up quickly and fast. Everything is synced. Love the
keyboard, the features, the color and texture of it, will definitely stay with
Apple!
I’ve had a 2012 MacBook Pro and it’s still running good just a lil slow. Now to
upgrade to this MacBook Air not a big difference but runs way smoother
Was bought as a graduation gift for my daughter. Display quality and sound from
the built in speakers is exceptional. She currently only uses it for Netflix
and YouTube until college starts in a few weeks though lol.
I don’t do gaming
Disliked mot knowing there are not many apps made for the Mac book. Guess
that’s why I hung onto my other windows computers
Almost everything is top-notch: Performance, battery life, new magic keyboard,
usual unparalleled trackpad, quality of materials and build. I was a little
concerned about lower screen brightness of MB Air versus MB Pro prior to
purchase, but have no complaints. Only feature less than excellent is camera,
which is only 720p. Limited ports only a minor inconvenience. Most highly
recommended.
It was a great buy and will HIGHLY RECOMMEND for others.
The item is great, allows me to be productive without worrying about
performance being an issue. It was shipped quickly and arrived at my front door
just 5 days after purchasing. Highly recommend this laptop for those who don’t
need the highest specs but, can get by doing mostly everything you throw at it
just fine.
You get what you pay for, and that $1000 I dropped on this MacBook was worth. I
went through a few cheap laptops that went from $200-400 bc I needed it for my
college classes and then after wasting my time buying and returning them, I
finally decided to go all out and no regrets with this purchase. 10/10
So far this has been a wonderful purchase. The processor is so fast, that’s
what I noticed the most is how fast it is. Super excited to get the M1 ship at
such a discounted rate.
This might be one of the best MacBooks currently in the market, but it has
limited functionality compared to Windows PCs and even certain Chromebook
features. The MacBook Air has a beautiful screen but no touchscreen support. It
also has an excellent trackpad. However, the MacBook doesn't allow you to
perform certain basic features without paying for additional software to access
them. For example, you can't snap multiple windows next to each other as you
simply would on Windows PCs and Chromebooks.
My child is taking class on this Laptop
The M1 chip is amazing and a miracle, this little chip can play some of the
most cpu demand games around cities skylines it played phenomenal without any
lag or freezing. This MacBook Air is very powerful. the downside to it, is that
it doesn't have a cooling fan and one cooling fan in it would make a major
improvement.
This computer is a good buy and works very well. My only complaint is that I
have been a pc user all of my life (more than 60 years) and I am having some
challenges with the OS. Not their fault. Delivery, packaging, speed, and
everything seems really good. I am satisfied.
Everything works amazing. Although choice of camera has very low quality.
It is everything I wanted in a laptop. It’s easy to use .All you have to do
from the box is open the lid and your up and running
This computer lived up to and surpassed my highest expectations. I could not
recommend it more. The battery life is surreal. The screen is gorgeous. It is
snappy, fast, and outperforms my much more expensive previous gen Macs. Such an
incredible feat of engineering.
This is a replacement for my 11 year old MacBook Pro that still works but I’m
glad to have this new MacBook Pro Air. It’s battery life is far better that my
old one and I am enjoying its much lighter weight. Amazon’s price was the best
I could find and with my Prime Chase card I am buying it interest free.
I love this laptop. I was a die-hard PC / Android person prior but my
experience with this product is really pushing me to the Apple world... Also
the keyboard rules compared to the old butterfly keyboard they had previously.
Excellent screen quality, user friendly.
Very clear quality screen. Battery is surprisingly long lasting. Safely
packaged.
Best ever
This is a very good computer. Very fast and works with most people.... but,
some apps just don't work. They used to work in my other Macbook pro. but on
this M1 it simple won't work.... apps like Google drive!!!! for good sake!Even
worst... trying to return... 15% restocking fee.Serious Amazon?!
I’m a very light computer user, so the quality of everything meets/exceeds my
expectations! The screen looks pretty large to be a 13” laptop. Definitely well
made
Currently writing this review on the laptop Everything about it is amazing.
This could be the best laptop ever made by apple as the m1 chip is mind-
blowingly fast. Keyboard and touchpad feel are amazing. Convenience is
unmatched with all of the built in features that work seamlessly. For students,
there's no better option for this great of a value.
This is the second MacBook I’ve owned. The first one lasted 11 years. Apple
makes a quality product. The MacBook Air is lightweight, responsive and
excellent graphics. I continue to invest in only Apple products.
Replaced a wonderful 2012 Macbook Pro. Much lighter, faster, clearer, computer.
Mac just keeps getting better and better. Such a class act.
As usual I am really impressed with the product and also the efficiency on
handling my purchase.....the United States post office really should look at
Amazon and Apple on how to run a business! ....just saying....
Solid product and a good value.
Everything I expected and more.
Battery life and screen quality
great product, suits me
I love this laptop!
It was time to update a pc laptop and and took the plunge and switch to an
apple product. It's a great system and works well with my other apple products
ie iPhone/AirPods. I especially like the fingerprint function. Nothing to
complain about for this user.
I had an 11-inch Mac Air Book, upgraded to the 13.3 version and I love it;
easier to use, still infinitely portable. Smooth and seamless to use. Thanks so
much
YOU WILL NEVER REGRET THIS PURCHASE IF YOU ARE A MAC PERSON. IT IS GOOD FOR PC
PERSONS AS LONG AS THEY ARE WILLING TO TAKE A LITTLE TIME TO LEARN HOW TO USE
IT, AS IT IS DIFFERENT FROM A PC. SOME SOFTWARE IS MORE DIFFICULT TO FIND.
First MacBook and I am in love! I have been using my computer for two days and
still have 60% battery life. Very impressive because I have been using it a
lot. I’m still getting use to the different feel on how to use it but it really
is self explanatory once you start using it.
it's a great product, the battery the best of all, I charge it every 2 days
with heavy use.
Nothing but the best :) <33It’s so light and cute!
This laptop is better than I expected. I highly recommend this laptop to anyone
in the market of purchasing one
I bought this exclusivley for working on music and it excells at that
I only charge it every few days, battery is awesome on it so far. Still getting
used to using a Mac after only ever having a windows laptop but so far so good.
Everything is so snappy.Great screen, amazing battery life.Windows users, do
not hesitate on getting this. After more than 10 years using windows and in
certain years of college Mac OS, this runs like a f1 car.Trust me, if you want
to buy a new laptop, this is it.
Love my new Mac ! It’s very light, battery lasts a long time. Days even - with
light use. Charges quickly too. I haven’t bought a case yet - it’s too gorgeous
to cover up! But will buy a sleeve for transporting when I travel. No
complaints. LOVE IT.
Easy to use and versatile
Have been wanting one for a while great purchase and the m1 chip is well worth
it
Light, powerful, and impressive. I'm very happy with the purchase.
I travel alot for work and needed something light but durable . I tried a few
laptops but nothing rlly stuck but after this one the search is over!
I was skeptical at first but now I’m convinced! ARM Is like the cpu in the
terminator movies! lol. No fan and battery last all day easily! It absolutely
crushes my 6 core i7 MacBook Pro on Geekbench test! You will not regret buying
one! Look at the picture and see for yourself!
Love how fast it is. Also very light and doesn’t get hot. Does not have chrome
and I haven’t used Safari in years, but that’s ok
I’m really happy with this purchase because I’ve wanted a MacBook for a long
time and when I finally wanted to save up for it the day I bought it, it went
to 899 and I was happy
This computer met all my expectations. Came well packaged and shrink-wrapped
and is definitely new and in perfect condition. I love the color and the screen
quality is wonderful.
Returning to Mac after 10 years. And with M1 MacBook Air it's a pleasant
experience. Everything working smoothly as expected. Happy to be back!
I love my Mac book Air. Very easy to use. I love that everything goes to
iPhone, iPad and Mac book and I don't have to do anything. I have not began to
use all of the 100's of features. Extremely pleased.
I’ve had the same MacBook Pro for 7 years and it was finally time to get a new
one. I wasn’t sure about the Air, but I’m so happy I went with it! Not a bad
price, shipped very quickly, battery lasts a long time, I just love it.
Only issue I have is the front camera Is not clear, I needed to buy a webcam
Love this lap top but it’s ridiculous that it doesn’t have an usb or hdmi, so
if you plan to buy MacBooks then get the adapter too. Otherwise you won’t be
able to connect your phone to your laptop.
Enjoying the fingerprint feature of this new MAC air. Loading is quick with the
new Apple M1 chip.Wish I could use a mouse instead of touchpad. Did that on
prior models over the years.
Bet thing ever
I absolutely love this computer and all of it's features! It was well protected
and packaged throughout the shipment, so I didn't have any damage to my new
computer when I received it.
Idk why I’d expect for it to be any less than perfect , for the price I paid it
just better had been !!! Lol it’s just what I wanted .. I totally forget about
my phone because I’m so happy about my new labtop! Lol💞
So I have never bought any Apple laptops off Amazon but it did arrive wrapped
and packaged as if it came from Apple itself. Battery life is great, keyboard
is great and it’s light. I don’t use laptop cameras so I can’t say either way
on how good it is or isn’t.
I deleted a previous review.......good computer.....set-up was complicated and
frustrating due to security concerns. Now it is set up and working great! It
was user confusion that was frustrating.
Simple, compact. Great fir travel. Not easy to operate and combine w other
Apple products from different generation.
I have zero complaints. I’ve always heard wonderful things about Apple
computers. I wish I made this purchase a long time ago. Would have avoided
headaches and could have saved myself a lot of money on cheap laptops.
The cámara it’s really good , so I just had my first problem with it I was
doing homework and the screen started glitching so let’s see what happen
Nothing to dislike, very good device
First time using an apple laptop. The battery life is unbelievable. Great
choice I made on MacBookAir.
I am absolutely in love with my new computer. Still getting used to the
commands of a MAC but I love it.
This product is the best purchase I’ve done for laptops. I do accounting and
wanted a secure Apple product. It’s fast and sleek and professional.
I use it everyday for my Red Cross volunteer work. Gets tricky switching
between my MAC, iPad & iPhone but that’s on me. I wished more apps were
compatible over PCs.
This was a value replacement for my 12 year old MacBook Pro. The Touch ID pad
makes my life easier.
Bough this for my mom. Battery life is great & it’s so sleek that we can take
it anywhere without it taking up space. also the price for this is great I
couldn’t find a better deal anywhere else.
Love my new MacBook Air!! Light, sleek, long lasting battery, plug & play!
Surprised it does not have regular USB ports, but ordered 2-pack of USB to USB-
C adapters for $10. Love all my Apple products from their packaging to their
long lasting durability and fantastic performance/technology.
Love the lightweight and easy to set up/configure capabilities. This is my
first MAC although I have iPads and an Apple watch. Though it might be scary to
move from Windows, but not at all. Like all Apple products - everything was
seamless. Great price as well..
I really enjoy my MacBook! Has became essential since I’ve gotten used to it!
The Best part of the Mac is the battery life. Not to take away from its sleek
design and extremely light weight.
Happyyyyyy with this computer
Took a chance on an $899 MacBook Air. Figured it was a refurb (since it’s
typically $1299). But it was brand new. Shirnkwrapped and all!
This was exactly what I was looking for. Got the beautiful Rose Gold colored
edition which had been sold out in stores every time I looked. Fast delivery
that arrived a day earlier than expected. Everything I wanted with no hassles.
I only have one thing I didn’t like.... it actually has nothing to do with the
computer!I LOVE the computer but when the delivery guy destroyed our yard
because they drove through it and got stuck is really aggravating! This is NOt
the first time they have done this! And we have asked multiple times NOT to do
it! We have multiple areas where Amazon workers have drove in our yard and
messed it up! They tell us that they will fix it but never do! My mother in law
and father in law are pissed so be prepared for a call from them :-)
Love it!!!!!
This is my first MAC and I love it
This was a gift for Christmas for my daughter who will be graduating in May
2021 and going off to college. So, I wish I could give more feedback on it, my
oldest has a bigger apple laptop and loves it for her school assignments she’s
in a nursing program.
This low-end MacBook Air performs incredibly. It handles Lightroom and
Photoshop like it's nothing. I can't believe the battery life as well - it'll
run all day. I don't know how Apple did it, but they did. Very satisfied with
this laptop.
I went everywhere attempting to purchase this MacBook. I couldn't even get it
from apple since there's no in-store purchasing .. I was able to find and
recieve within 1 day via amazon. As for the laptop itself Wonderful ... If
you're considering I highly recommend.
The video quality is extremely poor, I have a Macbook Air from a previous
employer without this issue. But the camera is extremely grainy and unfocused.
Returning since most of my work is giving video presentations.Update: the
camera somehow got better after a few days of use, I have no idea what
happened. But a month of having this, it's getting glitchy. The processing
speed is not the same and has a lot of lags.
I love MAC laptops. They are reliable and this one has the newest processor
which is very fast and the screen has no frame. The only issue that this causes
is a lot of finger smudges from opening it or adjusting the screen.
Screen gets dirty easily but amazing for anything you throw at it.
Buy it
This is the best mac out there. so light and sleek and tbh the battery m1 is
insane
I absolutely love my new laptop it is 20x better than my other laptop because
the battery life lasts longer and I can multitask multiple assignments all at
the same time; also, it is a very reliable and the resolution and speed is
amazing
It’s perfect. I wish I had got AppleCare as I thought I had ordered. But I said
it up it’s fine.
I love it! Came in great packaging , I received my package extremely quickly
and everything is working fine.
Great small lap top. Very, Very fast. Love it.
Purchased for my sister. She has used it for her schooling and loved it.
I love my new laptop the only draw back is that I have to purchase a USB-C to
connect my phone.. other from that everything works well so far
idk what to say but this crazy MacBook is awesome apple makes a sweet ass tv.
thanks apple for adding the extra keyboard for tapping on zzzzoooommmm!!!! its
a really I am trying to figure the ins and outs of this thing always finding
new stuff.
I am extremely happy with the MacBook Air but more impressed with the
simplicity and efficiency of the Amazon ordering process. The lengths Amazon
has gone to provide an incredible purchasing process is impressive. Amazon has
a customer for life
I LOVEEEE IT ❤️ It’a everything I wanted, it works beautifully and it came fast
and safe worth every penny !!
Amazing! Great value, great performance, great battery life, user experience is
top notch
I never thought I would be saying an Apple product is best value for the money.
This laptop does everything we need and more!
This was the easiest laptop set up ever! Love the rose gold color. Very easy to
use and love the long battery life!
Very fast response, great screen quality- like it a lot so far.
"It is an amazing work of art created for longevity usage and fashioned for
designed purpose".
M1 chip blows away any laptop on the market. It even blows away the pro version
of this laptop. No internal fan and loss of efficiency is virtually non
existent. Highly recommend
Great Processor
The speed is great compared to the older model I had. The one pain I have is
exporting most documents I send out into PDF since almost of the people who I
send to are on a window's platform.
I like that it is small and compact and easy to use. Using it daily for many
hours and hardly drains the battery at all.
Nothing
It's a great computer, very sturdy and strong. You have to take good care of
it, though, if you get little crumbs inside the keyboard, it'll obviously stop
working. Also, the gold color isn't really gold, it's more of a pink shade.
Love my new macbook. It's shipped as stated and was packed well. Came fast and
was easy to set up.
I got it for 3 days ago and it's just awesome!I have no complaints, highly
recommend to buy it
Great quality and value! My fiancé talked me into buying Mac and I couldn’t be
happier!
I don’t use it much I’m starting online college in the next few months. It’s my
first Apple laptop so I’m pretty happy with it. I do use it at times and it
never heats up.
Need another receipt please
We bought this computer out of insistence from my husband. He knew I wasn't an
Apple/Mac fan, but this computer had made reconsider everything related to
electronics. It's fast, efficient and simple.
Long battery life, super fast processing speed, cool fanless operation,
lightweight, high build quality. The M1 is an amazing step above Intel based
laptops. Easily my best laptop in last 10 years.
Overall great computer, my last MacBook Air was 8 years old so this is a great
replacement BUT super disappointed that the charging cord isn’t magnetic like
the old style
Battery life was wonderful. However, multiple issues with interacting with
Zoom; which was a central reason for purchasing the MacBook. I have an Apple
phone and thought a MacBook would be a great addition. Unfortunately, that was
not the case for me. If you aren’t familiar with MacBooks, it takes some
adjusting to go from a laptop to a MacBook. I ended up returning the MacBook
and purchased a laptop instead.
Very fast computer. Lots pf fun for a first time Apple user.
Perfect size, lightweight, long battery life.
Nice one
its so beautiful and great for the value to, this laptop looks like its going
to last many years
the camera is a joke , it's very bad .battery great for normal uses , but
average for heavy uses
I love it! It was everything I asked for! It came on time and it was amazing!
It was delivered with care and everything works amazingly great!
Works great! Rosetta makes installing old Mac apps easy. Performance is amazing
at a relatively affordable (for Apple) price. Best MacBook to be released in
some time.
The laptop has a pre-set set-up but it’s confusing. Had to call for assistance
then to Best Buy for help.
the only issue is that Ican not use more than 5 safari windowsopen at a time
with no other apps openafter that any more applications cause extreme slow down
I have waited a long time to buy a MAC and I am not disappointed! I was
surprised at what is inside the machine, incredible! Great price!
The battery life is amazing and the speaker are good too
The M1 is so fast. And I really like that they changed to keyboard on this
model. They are raised more so I can actually feel when I'm pressing on them.
other being delivered late. it was perfect gpu and cpu are crazy fast so is the
ssd and ram. it may be the best computer i have ever have had.
Very lightweight. Super fast.I only dislike that I have to buy apps that are
free on my phone, but this is a great PC for what I need
Now that I am working at home part-time decided to upgrade my office. Very
happy with this monitor - bought 2 and have them side by side.
No complains so far. Very fast and performs great. I had a 2014 MacBook Air and
finally upgraded this year. This is leagues beyond that entry and I’m very
happy with this upgrade.
I just updated from a 10 year old Mac and there is no comparison of course. The
Mac is awesome.
UPDATE: the battery is not dead - the motherboard is.The computer worked fine
for 14 months and then the battery died. Wouldn't charge, wouldn't hold a
charge while plugged in. I took it to the Apple store where they told me it
would be $428 to fix the problem (I bought a replacement Microsoft laptop for
less than that). They wanted me to complain to Amazon for selling me a dud when
I was talking to them about fixing it. Bad customer service, don't stand behind
their product, and I won't be buying a Mac again as it just turned out to be a
$1000 paperweight.
I love it , for the price point it’s a steal! Absolutely worth it
It's light, it doesn't get hot at all, it looks and feels good. Not a computer
expert but very happy with this computer.
very awesome laptop for its price for an apple device
Way beyond my expectation. This macbook shows outstanding performances when
running machine learning programs and heavy illustration programs.It does not
get hot at all, and most of all, it is super silent.
I absolutely love my MacBook Air! It’s so perfect!!
I have a MacBook Pro for work, and picked up this Air for personal use. I love
that it is small, lightweight, and powerful. I would recommend.
This laptop is everything and more !!!!
Excellent for my needs. Really happy with my purchase 😊
Almost, since yesterday I was editing some videos and at some point it freezed
a little.
No problems Works great
This is well done, thanks Apple!
Front facing camera is only 720p, but everything else is perfect. Rose gold
matches her Apple Watch, and made for an excellent follow up gift from last
years Valentine.
Best laptop I have had so far!
Love my new MacBook Air!! Using it all the time 😁 Took awhile to get used to
the Mac after having a PC ... but I’m getting there 🤩
What is there to say. It’s the best laptop around. Duhh!!!
To hard to set up and use. Not real computer literate, old man. Always used
android computers. First MacBook and at this point would not buy again. Have
iPhone, iPad, and I something for music. Those are easy to use. Not the
MacBook. Bought brand new, won’t buy a MacBook next time. Haven’t used it once
since I got it. Heard they were so much better than androids. Don’t think so.
Like a mac product...once you know about them...they are awesome ...would never
use a junky pc again
OMG I'm loving my new computer. It's working great. Perfect size for me and
very light-weight. Has Touch ID as well.
Good solid computer for paying bills, writing, a d playing a few games. My wife
uses it all the time.
I got this laptop for Christmas and absolutely love it! It is so lightweight
but very powerful. The camera quality is also great! Highly recommend!
Switching from PC to Mac was a breeze with this computer! Light weight, fast
processing and now all of my devices are synced.
Battery life +++++Screen *****No fan = no noise and it stays cool to the touch
even when running games.
I am using this product and am very happy about it.
It was time...my 2015 laptop was showing some signs of wear and out-dating. It
didn't take much adjustment to upgrade my brain. ;-)
Works perfectly well. Exactly as shown.
Product is completely brand new. I can’t see a flaw on it. I totally love it.
Now my wife want one 🤣🤣
Had to take computer to Apple care center because after spending 3 hours in the
phone with Apple support they couldn’t help me anymore. Thankfully computer was
under warranty so I didn’t pay and they were able to fix it but the closest
apple care was 2 hours from my home. Computer works great now though!
It took me some getting used to but I love my Mac Book.
Very light computer. No fan, no noise. Very responsive and fast.
LOVE IT
Report abuse
Love love love it! Perfect condition. Nice color of screen, runs fast, battery
life great!
This would’ve been the perfect laptop if it wasn’t for those pesky kids, and
that mangy mutt. In other words, the built in camera, sucks.
I got this for my husband, he’s a captain on a boat and this excellent size,
light weight. He absolutely loves it
Excellent Work really good i like it..
It's fast, lightweight, and the keyboard is great
The front camera is horrible! I expected more but other than that this computer
is user friendly and efficient.
Great laptop
So easy to use one of my better purchases
Nothing wrong with the MacBook itself. It was just not practical for me what I
needed for my work. So I started a return. First you send them the product I
guess in good faith. Then once they receive the item then with in 7 days they
will refund your purchase. Mind you I returned this in the complete original
package only 4 days after receiving it. It’s going on 2 months and nothing but
Crickets from everyone. Buyer Beware!!
Great battery life, and accomplishes everything I need done.
It was packaged very well. And I’m very pleased with the quality of it. I
definitely recommend buying it for sure.
Absolutely perfect! Amazing price and super good quality
Received product wrapped brand new packaging. Everything has worked perfectly.
no complaints overall very sleek and firm
I am really happy with my Mac air ., just what I wanted., fast and nice , to
reading and write
Screen quality is great and battery lasts long it takes me a couple of days
before putting it on a charger
No usb port for microhone use
I ordered the gold finish. Took my breath away upon unboxing. Beautiful.
space grey is perfect
10/10 recommend, battery life is fantastic I charged it when I first got it &
it’s still at 97%
These new MacBook Air’s have come a long way since my last one. It’s a great
little computer for the price
Perfect size and lightweight!
The laptop was just as if I bought it from Apple myself, only it was cheaper
AND in the color I wanted!
So many neat features!
Excellent computer at a reasonable cost.Love it!
Working well for my wife
Love yes the real thing works good pretty loud honestly camera should be better
for what it’s worth battery life is pretty good
love this product! Set up was super fast and easy for this modern elder, and
love the integration with my other apple devices!
If you're in the market for a new laptop, I can't recommend this computer
highly enough. Excellent computer. No complaints. Love it. Five stars.
I love the size, speaks, keyboard is very fine touch, but the camera isn’t too
great for the product like this.
I like the portability and ease of use. The battery life is excellent.
Good
Came in perfect condition, love it 😍 Worth every penny 🤩
Yes, there are "thousands " of apps available as advertised. They do not
include popular apps such as Amazon, Facebook, Spectrum Instagram or Sprint.
Work related apps like Indeed and LinkedIn. Other apps for stores we like to
shop at. You can access these website on the browser. FYI, that's how I
accessed websites on my very first laptop...in 1997. Works great for reading
email and Facetime.
love the quality, you should definitely get one!! came quick as well!!
I love it omg 😟. The camera quality is ok but not the best, little grainy.
Perfect！
would tell all my friends
this computer is great I really like it a lot. I highly recommend to anyone
looking for quality and durability.
Works great, fast, easy to set up.
Love it so much!
A fantastic present for myself beautiful pictures taken on this delightful
camera computer works nice!!
Amazon battery life, very fast, simple to use.
This is my first Apple computer and it is a great computer. I’m very pleased
with it.
I love my juicy apple 😁
This mac is wesome, my favorite laptop so far (i have 3 lol) Thank you so much
Apple.
Starting with the package to the daily work, the best purchase of this month.
Apple products are amazing!
The one we received worked just fine. However, it’s uneven so when I try to sit
it on a flat surface to type, it rocks. Rather annoying and something I never
thought of before.
Very happy customer! I'm glad I bought this brand new instead of refurbished.
Great computer! Love it!
Love this laptop best purchase yet! Screen quality is amazing battery lasts
forever and camera quality is great!!
Brand new and on time. Thanks Amazon.
Great battery life
I was happily surprised to see how good the battery life was compared to my
other computers
Bought it going off of the reviews and we absolutely love it !!
Exactly as advertised very fast computer
Amazing product!! Love the features and that it pairs with all of my other
Apple products!!
is the only thing is most blocking but with external ssd its solved or managed
your storage, it is a great product
This is a superb machine. Outstanding battery life. Very fast as well. I would
recommend 10 out of 10
I really like the Mac products and that's why I bought this for my 2nd home.
I love my MacBook Air. I use it for work all day long for zoom call meetings
and the camera never fails.
Without any additional word I'd say that MBA M1 is the best 2020 device with
phenomenal battery life
Getting used to it. I’m 74 so would prefer an instruction book to trying things
out. Enjoying it so far.
Amazing product
Absolutely love it!!!! Came on time battery life is good i absolutely love the
color
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Report abuse
I bought my computer in Feb 2021. Now it is April 2022 and it shuts itself off
without warning, with a defective pink screen. I'd be surprised if it lasts
throughout the month. I'm not sure if this is due to planned obsolescence, or
some other reason. Either way, I am not impressed. One year is not a good shelf
life for a computer. My previous MacBook lasted only 2 years before it shut
itself down for good. My older MacBook Pro from 2012 still works, so I know
that it is not me that is the problem.
Super computer. This is my second MacBook air that I have bought this year (one
for my girlfriend). I really love it.
Everything is good with my MacBook however the MacBook is totally overrated. I
prefer the HP well let’s just say anything not apple.
Best laptop ever!
I’m happy with the product this far.Arrived on time.
The camera sucks, it's really blurry. Aside from that I have no complaints.
However, that's a big one for this to be so expensive.
Great MacBook. Slim and light weight. Starts up fast. Price was another reason
I bought it on Amazon.
Camera quality
Arrived quickly and packaged well. Laptop has many features and a very nice
operating system and capabilities.
My Son used it for school and to download pictures he has taken. Easy to use
and fast!
Arrow key squeaked a little. Other than that, very pleased to have a new
laptop.
Looked forward to this new MacBook Air. Loved the Magic Keyboard, but
everything else seems half-baked Apple.I didn't know enough to immerse myself
in the (hard-to-find) Essentials Manual before touching the FORCE touchpad.
Took a long time that to realize that "force" really meant FORCE (as in "smash
it down" ) There is a System Preferences bypass, but I got embroiled in a DARK
MODE display (black screen), missing cursor, and of course loss of Intel-chip
based favorite apps which all took precedence over trying to find and read a
possible Manual. Help menu did not help..I tried, I really did. Apple Support
suggested and helped for 2 days, with hours spent trying over & over to erase,
then Reinstall Big Sur software, but 2 hours loading (for each of dozens of
tries), then "An error occurred preparing this update. Please try again."was
too much, over and over. This software is not ready for primetime. Looking
forward to AIR's next iteration.Meanwhile, I must be content with my older
MacBook Pro, while MacBoo Air is returned: "rest in peace".
Daughtzr loves it!
small very easy to carry, good quality. had one before for 7 year no problem .
Beautiful. The camera is not what I was expecting but besides that, awesome
Shipping was fast and it came as expected.
Love this machine. have had it a couple months and it's fast battery lasts
insanely long.
Feels faster than any high powered desktop. This thing is unreal. Never even
gets warm
Perfect
I-am coming from Dell to the Mac its easy to learn and use.
Everything I wanted in a laptop and more
Fast delivery. Great product. Really — this computer is amazing. So much better
than my 145b.
Love that its compact and can take it anywhere - fast and easy to use.
So far great learning a Mac system though but can find help at every corner of
the net
Bought one for myself last week. Love it so much bought one for my husband 😊
Great laptop.Long battery life.
Everything goes well. Working smoothly
I bought it for home use and am still finding new features to learn about.
Excellent battery life! I love everything about this MacBook. The only let down
was the camera quality.
Not sure what Apple is going with their products, but what the hell is wrong
with their screen and camera quality?However, my first MACBOOK, battery
charging (AWESOME and FAST), battery life (IMPECABLE), efficiency
(GREAT)...STARTUP (SUPER SLOW)
I am A Mac person. Love the computer. As always. Easy to use.
The battery life is awesome, just one charged in a day in case you use it for
demanding tasks.
It has been working wonderful! Super light, fast and great quality!
Grandson loves it
Love it. Everything I expected it to be. Very satisfied.
good buy highely recommened. thank you
Brand new. LOVE IT. Was literally delivered the day after ordering.
Love it all.
Excelente equipo
So far so good!
Its a apple
Getting used to Apple way of using the product
Perfect! Everything is working perfectly best purchase
Best laptop I've ever had
Love the build quality and simplicity. Apple never disappoints
Beautiful color and lovely MacBook, super long battery life
The best
Excellent
Amazing battery life. Super fast processor.
It’s a Mac, I love it
Works great with 4k editing on premier Pro
Bought for writing as I have a iMac for video and audio editing.
My 13 year old daughter loves it and is making her schooling more enjoyable
Item was sealed and brand new! Would definitely recommend
I love it.have not used camera yet.very fast
Beautiful & Fast! It's a Mac.
Absolutely love this MacBook! Super happy with it!
FaceTime a little grainy. Battery life is amazing
No cons just pros!!
This is my first MacBook and I like it
Translate review to English
Great computer very fast long lasting battery verily high quality
I love this new MacBook air full recommended.
The macbook air M1 arrived totally dead with no charging cable or power brick.
The laptop was extremely beat up, scratched everywhere and completely grimy and
dirty. It looks like it was never cleaned. The hinge also has wear and the lid
does not want to stay up. an utter and complete piece of crap.
Works great. No problems.
Everything as expected. Happy with purchase
Simply the best!
We really like our Apple MacBook Air!
Great Product, Great Price
Love my MacBook
Highly recommended
Excelente Producto
Bought it for Wife. She loves it.
Great product arrived on time and performs as expected.
love it. better than previous laptop
Excellent performance and long battery life
Fastest computer I’ve ever had.
Apple has gone through 3 Big Sur OS updates and there's still quirks to deal
with. I end up re-starting sometimes just to get software booted up and
documents retrieved from iCloud.
Just amazing on a new chip & with the battery life!
I was so excited to buy my first MacBook. Opened the first one and nothing zip,
zero, dead. Charged it, called Apple, who told me to return it. It took over an
hour to get Amazon to accept the return and ship me a replacement. Next morning
get MacBook number 2- super excited because I open it and it comes on and sings
a song! Loved it for the 3 hours it worked. It updated and Locked me out. Did
everything they told me to do online, call Apple that admits they are having
this issue and I can return it for another one! Since it’s not 14 days old. No
thanks. I am done. Since Apple told me to return it this time Amazon was
amazing and is picking it up for return tomorrow. This was a crappy experience.
I love my iPad Pro and iPhones- no more MacBook for me.
Absolutely love, love, love my laptop!!!
This is a Mac. I like the products, but this little Mac could not do what I
needed. I returned the product, it has been received at the warehouse but my
money is still not returned. I the computer for 2 days and then Insent back.
Please refund my money.
Awesome display and super fast!!
Great computer for the money.
It’s perfect. As you’d expect.
Product smelled like it was stored in a warehouse that was moist and musty. I’m
glad I bought the extended warranty.
Translate review to English
Amazing
Good experiences with it.
Just simply beautiful
A+
Back in 2020 I put the laptop on once. Tried to set it up and then shut it off
since I couldn’t do it. Tried to turn it back it on in 2022 and it would not
charge. Bought a battery from Apple and it still won’t turn in ! Such a waste
of money for something I can’t even use.
Feels very impressive to own
Love this MAC!!!
The title says it all.
Exactly what I needed.
Great!!
It's a very good computer.
worth the money ;)
Great love it
Perfect for my personal business.
No problems with the unit in the first month. First update was a little buggy
but seems to be working alright. I'd say this computer is about what I
expected.
Love everything about it.
None
Did not use it.
Excellent.
Awesome
I love it!
Excellent product. I’m so happy😊
Great portable Mac
Flawless, fast & elegant
Excellent
Great computer! I highly recommend
Good
Report abuse
I loovvvee it 🥺
Love my mac
It’s a great laptop.
No crashes
The best laptop ever
she is useing it does great
Nice seller, awesome product!
Excelente producto
Lovely. Just amazing.
Apple never disappoints.
Original
Unfortunately I bought this laptop new, brand new in box, then after editing
large files for photography, I noticed I had no storage very quickly. Starting
cleaning the laptop up and realized it was used. Found a couple who had a few
video files of their trip to Mexico. Several other files I had never seen
before and had my tech guy at work clean it up and he could tell right away it
was used. Really disappointing I paid for the NEW versus the used and still got
a used laptop. It works great but still fraudulent. Just be careful ordering
these off of amazon.
Amazing
I love it
Excellent
Best laptop
Amazing
Super fast
I had my mac for one day before it quit working—it was installed with Big Sur,
which has a bug in it causing the trackpad to malfunction. No trackpad = no way
of using your laptop (especially because it won’t recognize an external mouse
with this bug. I paid over a thousand dollars to have a computer for a single
day. While it worked, the speed was great and the screen crystal clear, but
both of those are pointless without a way to use the computer. I’m doing the 3-
hour software update now to (hopefully) fix the problem, but I highly recommend
purchasing a different computer.
Great laptop.
Bought 2 ipads, could not connect to internet, wasted money. Bought an
expensive phone, needed assembly, never worked, wasted money. Bought a new
MacBook, in setup after argument to use English, when I entered the Wi-Fi
password 3 times, it never accepted it, it went nuts and sailed off into
disability screens I could not fathom. The touchpad seems not to work. Does not
have a USB port, without using an external mouse is less than junk to me. Now
we start pulling teeth, scheduled a return, will I get credit?RUN FROM APPLE
PRODUCTS ! ! !
Don’t appreciate how I received a used macbook with fingerprints on the screen.
They tried to put the film back on the screen as it was originally, but it
wasn’t stuck to the screen as it should have been. I returned it because i
refuse to spend that much money on something someone else had their hands one.
It’s unacceptable especially due to covid. I went and bought one locally and it
was brand new no fingerprints and the film was stuck to the screen as it should
be because thats how Apple packages it.
Had to replace the screen with warranty, it came with burned pixels. Other than
that, good laptop
Impossible to use the camera. Had to purchase and external camera.
Waiting for credit from Amazon on return via UPS. We were unable to have this
laptop work with Zoom no audio or video and it was unstable with the Google
Chrome browser. My son is a software engineer for a San Francisco Social media
company and he thinks that this new processing chip being used by Apple is
problematic.
Their support staff created more problems than I could ever have and i have
wasted at least 20 hours on hold and trying to get Apple to set up my new MAC
and I still cannot use this computer. I am seriously thinking to send back and
hoping I can!
Very disappointing. Those 2 USB c ports as the only ports, is the most
disappointing thing ever. Also, it runs out of memory quite often. I only stick
with it because of a software I need. Otherwise, I stick to my windows laptop
and stay sane
I loved my computer and the affirm payment plan. My husband had me purchase as
my Christmas gift. I have had it less then 3 months but over the Amazon
exchange time and it's a paper weight because the keyboard no longer works.
Cautious is all I can say when buying electronics of expense from Amazon.
It’s very nice but isn’t what I need
I only had this MacBook for two days and the screen started to peel off.
there's no screen protector or any other film covering the screen. I noticed
there was a bubble on the top right corner and it started to peel off,
revealing a white screen.
The MacBook Air is convenient like every other computer used daily and is
compactible due to size. It goes for the high price of thirteen hundred dollars
with very little features besides its editing equipment. The computer’s
processing chip isn’t the best on the market, which makes the computer work
slow a while after using. It’s a simple use for a computer with very little
storage, but it keeps things organized and easy to find. Sometimes files tend
to glitch out of the memory causing me to redo a few assignments. The screen
has a clear picture, which makes it better when having to read and do homework.
The computer itself is very clean and simple to use but doesn’t come with
feature that most high-priced computer have. After paying a heavy amount on a
computer the features it has is limited compared to buying an iPad for the same
price.
honestly this laptop is garbage!!!! I HAD a macbookpro from 2013 that was
almost neck on photoshop and illustrator being almost 10 years old ! like
cumoon ! … oh and u have to buy a dam dongle because it only comes with 2 usbc
connections and u know dam welll one is for charging ! … also if u dont have
another mac dont eveer open disk utility because u need a secoond one if u
erase ur hardrive
I never write reviews but I’m taking time to write this one.tried to save some
money on a open box Mac never again with Amazon they have horrible quality
control could not even get through setup without it freezing up and then it
does not recognize my Apple ID returning and going to bestbuy would of
reordered with Amazon but have to wait till return is received and then then
they will mail one out that’s going to take maybe two weeks total time I don’t
think so never again
Only 8gb ram. The most this thing can do is watch YouTube and send emails
3 hours with apple support - with no relief in sight - no way to turn off
favorites side which pops up when ever it wants - need an additional lap top
will not purchase this again
I love my IPad so I thought this would be great but it is not. No touch screen.
I am having trouble even using it. Total waste of my money.
I only had this MacBook for two days and the screen started to peel off.
there's no screen protector or any other film covering the screen. I noticed
there was a bubble on the top right corner and it started to peel off,
revealing a white screen.
Good evening. I purchased a brand new computer in March with the hope that i
would be using a system trouble free. To my surprize not many days after... i
notice the screen start flickering. I would would like this to be attended to
ASAP as this is the only gadget for school work.
I bought this just to try Apple and I absolutely hate it the layout, no touch
screen, keys are hard to type on bc super small and the worst is trying to
return it. Return option is only 1 and its been such a hassle to even return it
and you get charged
So far, I've had to have this repaired twice. First time, it needed a new board
and screen. Second time, a new Thunderbolt port. Amazon won't accept a return
or exchange because it's past the return date.
Very bad contrast. Very bad video resolution.
No instructions what to do when something is not working. I can not connect to
the blue tooth and the apple stores are closed in my town. I don’t know how to
fix it
The unit is smaller than the original Air, also it has NO USB ports, the
description on the page is misleading and they never show the right-hand side
of the unit in the pictures, otherwise, I would have never bought it, Amazon
return policy is horrible they take 2 weeks to refund your money, took it out
looked at it said nope, didn't even registered it. Waste of time and money.
Item was delivered dented, I’m not sure if it was the manufacture or delivery
company but I definitely am not happy.
After 2 months their is a error that I can’t turn my videos at all. I watch
YouTube to fix it but didn’t work. I am pretty upset and not happy.
I really haven't used this as of yet. All the Macs I have had in the past
except one were A quality in all respects
It stopped working after 10 months 😞I just don’t understand how in less than a
year my computer screen goes black. This computer never fell so I want to speak
with a customer service representatives.
I purchased for my son to use for school, it stopped working after two weeks, I
spent the past two weeks working with Apple who can't get it to function. I
contacted Amazon to replace, they have refused to replace and continue to re-
direct me to Apple. Don't buy an Apple computer from Amazon, they will not
replace it even if defective.
I was able to snag one of these for $700 with the M2 MacBook Air arriving the
day after I am writing this review. If it was in this price bracket all the
time, it would be a no brainer best choice, and I am having a hard time finding
worthy competition even at its $1,000 msrp range.What it does well:Trackpad-
The trackpad on the MacBook Air is unbelievable. Using pressure sensitivity to
simulate clicks on a piece of glass, the MacBook lineup puts all other laptop
manufacturers on notice. This is a best in class experience.Keyboard- Say what
you will about laptop keyboards but this is a phenomenal typing experience. The
only type of keyboard I would rather be using is a mechanical keyboard, but in
this form factor, it is as good as it gets. The only complaints I have are that
the arrow keys are really small.Display- The display provides a fantastic
viewing experience. I thought this is where the laptop would fall behind its
more expensive counterparts with OLED and Mini LED displays, but the color
accuracy, respectable 400 nit peak brightness, and 2560 x 1600 resolution are
leaps better than anything I have experienced on an HP or Lenovo device. I wish
the display was slightly bigger, but do not mind using it at all. This is a
very good display for the money.Build Quality- Apple just continues to excel at
building things.Speakers- Solid speakers with exceptional clarity, volume, and
bass. Better than anything I have owned before it.What it does bad:Gaming- Do
not buy this laptop with the hopes that you can game on it. Most games I
thought of installing were not available on Mac OS. It is in this category that
Windows dominates the market.IO- You get 2 USB C ports and a headphone jack.
This fits my lifestyle just fine, but I cannot speak for everyone. It is up to
you to determine whether you can live without USB A, HDMI out, or SD Readers
built in.Base Hardware- At this price point, 256gb is not enough. 512 should be
the standard, not a $160 add on.
Came broken still no refund 6 months
I’ve had this for a few months and the SCREEN turning black with lines. Can’t
fix it. Keeps glitching and it’s bad performance for the price absolutely not
worth it. It’s all just aesthetically pleasing that’s it nothing more. Save
yourself some money.
Quut working within a week from purchasing. Screen would freeze up and flicker.
Screen eventually went black and would reset itself causing loss if previous
work.
If your clumsy get a better laptop
DO NOT BUY. This computer has had issues from day 1. I’ve had to go to the Mac
store 3 times now and I’m going again on Monday. It’s always a new issue.
USELESS!!!!!!!
I had several problems so took the MacBook Air into Best Buy for help. I was
told I had received "a lemon" and should return it to Amazon. I had it 3 weeks
so was able to return it for a refund which I am waiting for right now. I have
loved my 2012 MacBook Air and am hoping the next one I order will be okay.
Screen broke just a week outside of one year. Warranty. It’s a $500 repair.
This is insane.
This piece of junk is unable to connect wirelessly to my printer. My 10 year
old mac has no problems printing on my Epson printer. I have tried everything
suggested and it still claims my printer is OFFLINE.It won't even find the
printer when it is connected to it with a USB cable. I think Apple has really
screwed this product up.
Lasted 1 year and a half and had to pay $692 to replace the logic board. I
would buy a laptop with an M1 to avoid overheating
$900 later and the sceeen quit on me. Don’t think I’ll be buying another
computer from Amazon.
The Mac is great as a school computer and i use it almost everyday. With that
being said I dont have to charge it often and it has little to no problems.
Overall a great product.
I don’t like this very much I Kant get the app that I need and like
Excelent product
I PURCHASED A NEW MacBook Air, AND I RECEIVED A USED ONE WITH SOFTWARE ALREADY
IN INSTALLED BY SOMEONE IN THE UK. THE CURSER WOULD STICK AND THE COMPUTER
WOULD SHUT DOWN, TERRIBLE FOR A PRICE OF OVER $900.
My first Apple product. So far finding it difficult to set up. No instructions.
Not intuitive at all. All my android were much easier to use right out of the
box. Still trying to figure out how to load a program. Grrr
So far this has been a horrible experience.
Sent it back. Not what I wanted or advertised.
This is a very good laptop and easy to use. A few things I've noticed is the
backlit keyboard is very nice and adjusts automatically. The keyboard is easy
to type on and get used to and the touchpad is great. The battery is extremely
good too.I also use Apple Music and was pleased to find that spacial audio
(Dolby Atmos) music songs played back on the Airs speakers and sounds amazing
compared to high res stereo tracks.It's these little things I've found out
about while using this computer that just amazes me all the time after just two
weeks of ownership. I would have bought it at Amazon but I could pick it up at
my local BestBuy for 899 dollars when I got it.
This laptop is not compatible with anything. If you are a DELL user you will
HATE it.You have to purchase a docking station or you won't have enough ports.
You can't save word docs to your desktop. The only positive is the battery
life.
my new 13in Macbook Air has a lot of fingerprints on the INSIDE of the glass
screen. It's on the top left corner down the left side and starts along the
bottom. I don't like it .
i cant image how come apple will put such a low resolution camera on a 1000
laptop. i bought it mainly for zoom meeting but it's not to my expectation, so
i returned it
This MacBook is excellent. I’ve had it for a year now and it’s impressing me
more than I thought it ever would. Every day, straight for 1 year and it’s
working like a beast, the only thing is to not eat over it as the keyboard gets
pretty mucky and you have to get it deep cleaned. In conclusion, this computer
is more than a beast than my old 2015 Macbook Pro
This is the best laptop I’ve ever owned for a few reasons.SPEEDIt’s lightning
fast. The M1 chip almost never struggles, opening apps and web pages in
seconds.SCREENThe screen is very high resolution with little glare. There’s NO
TOUCHSCREEN, but I didn’t even notice until I’d owned it for a month cause I
don’t use that.BUILD QUALITYIt’s sturdy, light, and durable. It’s powder coated
so it doesn’t scratch easily, but when it’s not pretty.macOSThe operating
system is great on its own, but with an iPhone it’s incredible. Messages,
photos, websites, and mail from your phone just appear on your laptop.I don’t
know if another laptop that hits all these points for under $1000.Now as for
the cons…Not enough storage - 256gb is not enough. You can get by if all you do
is browse the web and use Microsoft word, but for anything beyond that you’ll
need AT LEAST 512gb.Gaming - macOS has a very small selection of gaming
options. It’s not a gaming machine, but it’s laughably small.For the games it
does have, the fps and speed is reasonable. It’s not incredible, but like I
said it’s not a gaming machine.
Fraud.
THIS COSTS TWICE AS MUCH AS A DELL OR LENOVO COMPUTER - AND IT'S SCREEN IS
SMALLER THAN MY IPAD! THE 13" IS A DIAGONAL MEASUREMENT! ROFL!!!!
i've had my m1 macbook air (16 gb ram, 512 gb storage) for about a year, and
it's the best computer i've ever owned. for the majority of users, the base
model will be enough, but if you want to upgrade ram, it's not a bad choice.
works amazing for everything i do, screen quality is great, audio is pretty
good, performance is amazing. all around great laptop for 95% of people.
The MacBook keeps looping and I am unable to set up the MacBook, I just got it
today
Not even a year old and it died on me.
They love it and say its perfect.
The battery only lasts a few hours before it is dead, despite being used for
menial tasks that do not typically drain a battery much. Not at all what I was
expecting based on their marketing.
I read the comments and it seemed legit but when I received my package, I
didn’t get a MacBook. I got a broken HP with no charger!!! Now I have to wait
forever for my refund
Everything in the boxes except for the laptop smelled musty At some point the
boxes and accessories came in contact with water then dried out.
The 2020 MacBook Air BigSur OS is one of the newest computers on the market at
the moment and one of Apple’s best designs. Apple has had many MacBook models
throughout their many years of being the best electronic company, but The
BigSur OS has many features that other models and other company computers do
not have. This MacBook comes with high quality upload speed, all-day battery
life, and superfast memory, which makes it the best choice for any computer or
laptop right now. For a student and any other user, upload speed is definitely
one of the most important qualities on a computer. This MacBook’s upload speed
is fast enough that it can be considered a gaming laptop also. It has an Apple
M1 Chip with an eight-core CPU which delivers up to almost four times as fast
as past generations. This M1 Chip is designed by Apple designers themselves
which other companies do not have access to. This BigSur is the quickest
computer on the computer and laptop market which puts Apple as the highest
revenue electronic company. Battery-life is another quality that is essential
to many people, especially a student in the year 2021. Many universities and
high schools have switched to using mainly online tests, textbooks, notes, and
activities. All day battery-life is important because some students are using
their computer up to nine hours a day with school, homework, and studying for
tests and quizzes. This MacBook uses lithium polymer batteries which provide up
to 18 hours of battery life. These batteries also are good for the environment
and conservation. These are the best batteries for computers because they
provide the best life and are good for the environment. Good memory and lots of
storage are also crucial qualities of a computer. This MacBook can be used for
up to ten years if there are not any software problems. This MacBook has eight
GB of unified memory that makes everything you do have fast upload speed and
responsiveness. Having enough memory and storage is great. For example, a
student or a teacher would need to save documents, projects, notes and many
more things. If there is not enough storage to do those things that a student
needs to do then things will end up lost and not recovered. A lot of storage is
also needed for a gamer because there needs to be space to download the games
and have room for any spontaneous updates that might occur. Good memory and
storage are important to many people and that's what makes the BigSur OS the
best computer on the market. The MacBook BigSur has many pros that other
computers just do not have and is a reasonable price for all the features it
comes with. This model is an amazing choice for students, teachers, gamers,
engineers, IT workers, and anyone who uses their computer a lot. The MacBook
BigSur OS definitely continues to be one of the top rated computers and gives
users a big bang for their buck.
This laptop is the best
One of the ports is defective.
Through the past year and a half, students have had to use personal computers
and laptops for everyday tasks, most importantly being school. From my personal
experience I believe that the MacBook Air 2020 is the best tool for the job. If
you plan to frequently use a personal computer or laptop in the future, the
MacBook Air is the right choice because of its processing speed and storage,
ability to keep a charge, and the apple compatibility that it uses.First, the
MacBook Air 2020 is amazingly convenient to use throughout the day because of
its ability to hold a charge and how quickly it gets charged. In my school days
I did not have very much time to worry about the battery life of my computer.
Now I do not have to do that at all because I only need to charge my computer
once to twice a week and its 30 hour charge. Next, the apple compatibility that
it uses, including Apple music, iMessage, Facetime, etc., makes this product
very easy to use while not having to use multiple devices to do actions such as
getting a photo from your photos or getting that one picture from a text. This
apple compatibility lets you see all of these things and not have to worry
about changing devices to do so. Finally, is the processing speed and storage.
The MacBook Air 2020 has a processor that is considered to be great for gaming
and running large applications within the computer. This makes the computer
amazingly fast while doing average school work and using it for everyday life.
Although it is expensive, the MacBook Air has been considered to be the best
for its price out of all of the MacBooks, including computers such as the
MacBook Pro. The strange thing that the MacBook has is amazing showing its slim
appearance and lightweight feel. The storage that is available with the MacBook
is 256GB, 512GB, 1TB, or 2TB, but most went with 512GB. These large amounts of
storage are fantastic, showing that one of the MacBook Air's biggest
competitors(Dell XPS 13) only lets you choose between 128GB and 256GB. Now if
you want to have a large amount of pictures or apps on your computer that kind
of storage just won't cut it. For these reasons the MacBook Air 2020 is the
best choice for daily use and school work because of its processing speed and
storage, ability to keep a charge, and the apple compatibility.Overall, the
MackBook Air has the processing speed, storage capacity, battery life, and the
apple compatibility to make it the best choice for a laptop or personal
computer. Throughout the last year and a half, I have had to be on my computer
a lot to do school work and many other things. Getting this computer has not
only helped me do this quicker, but has improved the quality of my work because
of its nice layout and convenience.
Yay, spent a G on a new grey screen of death. A month after the return was
received by amazing... still no refund. Spend the extra $150 and get it from
Apple. Duh?
Computer was not able to charge are a monthe or so. Took to Apple reps stated
could not help me that day because Amazon is a 3rd vendor.
neither me or my brilliant techie friends could make it even to the third
screen of demands without becoming locked out. Back to PCs .
product came activation locked, Amazon has no idea what they're doing, now I
have to return a brick.i'm sure the laptop is nice though, I've used one
elsewhere
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Okay, this is a great MacBook, and a significant improvement over its
predecessors, very fast laptop. As a student here are my pros and cons.PROS:-
Portable for me to carry, I got a hard case for it and a sleeve and it is very
portable at 13"-Battery life is fantastic, I literally charged it to 80%
yesterday afternoon at 3:00PM, now, as I write this review, it is still going,
at 4:06 PM, with 39%. In the past 10-12 hours, I've been using photoshop and
Final Cut Pro, finishing my essay and FaceTiming a old friend, it is amazing-
M1, the processor is super fast, even though this thing doesn't have a fan, it
doesn't get hot at all, I have not seen this thing get warm a single time.-The
keyboard, let me put it this way, it is VERY SATISFYING, many people have many
opinions about it, but I come from using a MacBook 2017 and Asus Vivobook, this
keyboard is very good, has great travel and it isn't mushy.-Display is also
very good, gets bright enough, even in direct sunlight and keyboard backlight
is adjustable, something I haven't been able to do on my windows laptops.CONS:-
App support, plainly putting it, app support sucks other than applications that
are optimized for the m1, even as of 2022, but my main apps work, like Final
Cut Pro, photoshop and Lightroom.-Webcam sucks, it's still 720p, and much worse
than my Asus, it's serviceable but not good.
So slow and constantly freezing.
Got used crap was supposed to be brand new
I love this computer, just about everything is made so well on it. I have
always been a fan of apple products; about two years ago when my old computer
stopped working, I decided to get a MacBook and would absolutely recommend this
product. One of my favorite things is the size, it is so easy to carry or fit
into almost all bags. Due to the fact that I am an avid apple user, it is super
beneficial that all my photos, passwords, and documents are so conveniently
transferred to each of my devices. The only bad thing is some softwares are not
supported within the apple computer which can be inconvenient for someone who
may be a college student like me. Otherwise, the computer is great for college
students who do not mind emailing the teacher or going through some loop holes
to complete the class.
There are lots of ghost images
When I was in college, I used both mac and PC and after I graduated I switched
exclusively to PC because of the versatility (gaming and upgradability). When I
decided to go back to grad school, I decided to give Apple another chance with
this laptop because I heard great things and high expectation with the new m1
chip design. I was not disappointed.This new CPU has great speeds and this
macbook air runs fantastic for daily moderate use (browsing the web, watching
videos, reading, studying, etc. ). I can go to a cafe and use this laptop all
day without having to charge it. Also, it's so compact and thin that it's easy
to take everywhere! compared to my old macbook from 2012, it is incredibly
light. I always had the notion that apple made heavy laptops, but this
definitely is easy to carry around.As someone who used a desktop, the keyboard
was a bit harder to adapt to. The keys don't have a deep switch as a normal
keyboard has, but considering the size of the laptop, it is expected. I can see
it being an issue with its small screen. Although it is convenient for me, the
size can be inconvenient for those hard of sight. Lastly, the price is steep
for a laptop. A PC variant with this money can be used to buy a gaming laptop
where Apple normally lacks, but I have yet to try the Apple Arcade on my
macbook air. It is also only USB-C which is a turn-off to many, but with a
dongle, it is not a problem for me.I would say if you are looking for a laptop
to work or study with, this is an easy grab. Make sure you buy a dongle along
side of it.TL;DRPros:- battery life- m1 chip- size (easy to carry around)-
weightCons:- keyboard- size (screen is a bit small for some)- price- only USB-C
I was hesitant to get a smaller Macbook after my 15" 2015 Macbook Pro started
to suffer from keyboard issues. I repaired the keyboard twice, so there must
have been something wrong with voltage regulation to it.Anyhow, I couldn't
resist the idea of an ARM based Macbook, so I went with the 2020 13" Macbook
Air since I don't think the Pro model had Apple Silicon yet. I could be wrong
on that.Long story short, it meets all my needs with flying colors! It turns
out that I'm perfectly comfortable with a 13" screen and that I don't need a
bigger one.Everything great about this Macbook:- It's *fast*! Don't let the
"Air" moniker deceive you. Unless you're into heavy gaming, this is the laptop
for you. ARM processors are the future of consumer computing.- The battery life
is *insane*. I still can't comprehend how many hours this thing survives
unplugged. I take it on flights across the country and never need to plug in or
get worried that I will run out of power, even when I'm charging my phone off
it!- It's slim and light! Perfect for traveling.- It is completely solid state
with no moving parts! No fan whirring or anything like that.- As an extension
of the first point, it runs ARM builds of Windows insanely well with Parallels.
It can even run Halo: CE at near full speed!- macOS is very stable.- The retina
screen is nice.- Despite what people are saying about the camera, it's actually
better than the one on my old Macbook Pro. (this isn't to say that the camera
is *good*, but it's adequate IMO)- All things considered, the M1 Macbook Air is
incredible value and really a great deal for the price.- It has a larger
touchpad than my old Macbook Pro but not quite as bit as the one on current 13"
Macbook Pros. I find this preferable because it is just the right size where
I'm not constantly hitting it with my palm as I type. If you type a lot then
the touchpad on this laptop will probably annoy you less while still having
plenty of surface area.- No touchbar!!! Halleluja!!!!- Decent sound from the
speakers considering the size constraint.There are some cons, but they are
pretty minor IMO:- Only the left side has USB-C ports, in contrast to the Pro
which has them on both sides. The right side *does* have an analog audio jack,
however, if that's useful to you. However, I've managed fine without USB on the
right side.- It would be nice if I didn't have to click the fingerprint sensor
button to get it to sense my finger and wake the system. On pros, the
fingerprint sensor is always active.- If you are one of the 3 people on the
planet who want the touchbar, this will not have it. (I however consider this a
good thing)- Although the speakers have improved in quality since previous Air
models, the Pro is still going to have better sounding speakers. You may feel
like you've gotten a bit of a downgrade in that regard if you are coming from a
Pro model. Personally, I've gotten used to it plus I use AirPods most of the
time anyway.- The Air does NOT have an HDMI port, but you can buy an
(expensive) adapter that will provide HDMI.- Storage capacity is workable but
limited. Would be nice to get at least 1 TB of storage in the future. In the
meantime I just back stuff up on to an external drive and periodically clear my
downloads folder.I'm a software engineer and the M1 Macbook Air exceeds my
needs and expectations. I think I'll just be buying the Air model in the future
because it's terrific value for the price point. $999 might be expensive for
some, but I can assure you that it's a robust laptop so you are saving money in
the long run. I've owned many non-Apple laptops in the past and I ended up
hating all of them. On the other hand, I never regret owning an Apple device.
This is coming from someone who formerly used Windows and Linux. I got tired of
both the hardware and software breaking down quickly. Apple isn't perfect... my
last Macbook Pro chugged along for over 6 years until the keyboard repeatedly
failed, but that still beats all previous laptops I owned that had numerous
problems unrelated to how I treated them.
As a gamer I must say although I love my computer it does not last anywhere
near 18 hours. Maybe because I am gaming. But it does not last 5-6 while I am
gaming. When I am working or watching tv shows my battery also dies kinda fast.
I don't like to use my laptop and charge so I let it charge normally but that's
my only problem is the fact that the battery is nothing like they said it would
be. But neither are our phones lol. Other than that its a great light way, easy
on the go, laptop that works very well for business. Not so much gaming as the
battery is low. May be just mine but its the one con I noticed.
This computer was not able to be set up and had an inherent problem. We had to
send back for full refund.
Worst computer I’ve used. Screen dead after one month. Battery isn’t lasting
long. Freezes and input output very slow.
I am a life-long fan of all things Apple. That being said, after using this
laptop for a little over a month, I am still impressed with how awesome this
laptop is! The battery life alone leaves me in awe. I bought this laptop to use
as an online student. Starting with the battery fully charged, I am easily able
to complete all of my online coursework and have plenty of battery power left
to stream a movie or two afterwards. I actually purchased my MacBook Air M1
laptop directly from Apple so I would get the student discount. I did choose to
upgrade my RAM to the 16 GB for an additional $180, and that did cause delivery
to take a little longer. Totally worth it though! I have not done anything yet
on this laptop to really stress-test it, but I have had multiple webpages in
the browser, and multiple documents open in Word and PDF docs open with iBooks
and Preview. I have had no problems at all switching between open web sites,
apps, or docs. The only time I started to notice any hint of a problem, it
turns out it was because we lost power and therefore our home WiFi was
temporarily unavailable, so it had nothing to do with the laptop.While it is a
minor inconvenience that Netflix is not available for download thru the app
store at this time (Oct 2021), it is easy enough to access their streaming
service thru the browser. The built in speakers are plenty loud enough, but it
is quite easy to use your AirPods if you prefer.I highly recommend this MacBook
Air M1 to anyone, especially students, looking for a laptop that has a battery
that will actually keep up with them all day long without constantly needing to
find a power outlet.
M1 chipset does not support two monitors. Not sure why Apple would do this! And
won’t except returns after 14 days.
I love the screen quality even tho it’s not touch screen I love it and it’s so
easy to use and perfect for all my classes it’s super light and portable
I've owned this laptop for a year and a half, and felt compelled to take time
out of my frantic day to note that I really think this computer is a giant step
backward for the Macbook Air model and for Macintosh as a brand compared to my
old 2013 Macbook Air running Yosemite.The lack of a mag-safe connection for the
charger is really unforgivable, and this computer has wound up on the floor so
frequently that I now have placed the dog bed where the laptop is likely to
land. The keys are beginning to stick. The screen is beautiful, but gives me a
terrible headache. The memory pressure issue with the M1 is also a real problem
in Safari, which locks up about every three weeks if you have a lot of windows
open-- and it take a LONG time to force quit safely and recover lost work. The
laptop is also too big-- that extra inch or so of width really makes a
difference. The loss of practical functionality in iTunes is really
disappointing, iMovie and Garage band have become much, MUCH harder to use in
Big Sur as well, and Apple's insistence on trying to force me into using the
kloud is both intensely irritating and very dangerous for my business, where
confidentiality is absolutely critical.It is true that the processing speed for
offline tasks is impressive-- my music projects do sound much better-- and
photo and video editing is great.But the M1's speed is not enough of a reason
for me to bond with this computer. As the months have rolled by, honestly, I've
come to kind of hate it. I'm looking forward to refurbishing my old Macbook
Air, and I'm thinking this may be the last Apple product that I buy, even
though I can't think of a suitable alternative.I am a 64-year old professional
health care provider who has been in IT since the early 1980s, and while it's
true that I have generally been very unhappy with how gratuitously awful the
end-user interface of most tech products have become over the last quarter
century, there are some computers that I have actually liked-- my old Macbook
Air was definitely one of them. This is definitely not.
I'm new to Macbooks, having used Windows my whole life. I chose this for going
back to school because I knew it would last longer and not get buggy like
Windows always does. While the transition was a bit rocky at first, now that I
somewhat know what I'm doing, I absolutely love this computer! It's small and
lightweight, but still feel solid in your hands. The processor is incredibly
fast as well as the load up time. I can get signed in and have my notes up in
seconds (literally, no joke!), something I could never do with a Windows laptop
(I should mention that I bought my computer directly from Apple and upgraded to
the 16BG RAM and more storage, which helps immensely with load up time). For
those that say the camera is bad- I don't think so. Is it the most amazing
camera ever? No, but if you really need higher camera quality for your job,
then you should probably go with a Macbook Pro instead of Air. For a Zoom
meeting it works just fine. The price is obviously higher than many laptops-
that's why I've never used Mac until now- but just think of it as an
investment. I know I'll be able to use this for years to come!If you are
looking for an efficient, reliable laptop with great performance, look no
further!
I bought my Macbook Pro in 2013 which makes it 8 years old. It's still going
strong. I did have to replace the battery a few years back. I did it myself,
bit of a pain as Apple locks their stuff down pretty well. It looks like Apple
will drop support for this late 2012 model next year. That's when I'll get a
new one. Not bad for close to 10 years for one machine. About a hundred bucks a
year.
Before I begin, I’d like to clarify that I purchased this MacBook on
Apple.com.I was kind of reluctant at first to purchase a MacBook due to the
expensive pricing. But it was heard that apple products are long lasting and
really good quality. I’ve had. Chromebook for 3 years, and the quality is not
amazing. I’ve had to bring it for repair multiple times. It also shut down
randomly. But not with this MacBook.The MacBook is soo beautiful, and sleek.
The rose gold color is so elegant, and the keys are amazing. At the top right
hand corner there is a small button that enables Touch ID which is so
convenient and easy to work.By just saying “hey, Siri” my automated assistant
is summoned and will help me with whatever I need. It comes with so many apps.
And so many ways to customize your MacBook.I changed my profile photo, set a
quote on my Lock Screen, changed my wallpapers, made widgets, changed my
highlight color, accent colors and much much more.It’s so convenient for me to
have my zooms open in one browser and the “pages” app open in another so I can
take notes while my teachers gives lessons.As shown in the pictures, if you
update your MacBook with Big Sur, you can download “Widgetsmith” and customize
widgets! My entire MacBook’s aesthetic is so elegant and I just love it.
Comparing this to laptops like HP and Dell, as well as Google, there are
limited ways you can customize your laptop to your liking.I asked a couple of
friends and family members who have MacBooks, and they have had them for 5+
years, without having to take their MacBooks for repair. I am hoping this will
be my case as well.I can now message anyone from the messages app and the mail
app.The camera quality is great too! It’s touched up my appearance with zoom
and Google meet. and I’ve heard if you want a MacBook to edit, the pro is the
way to go because the storage is bigger.The battery life is so great too! I’ve
used it for 6+ hours starting at 9am to 4:30 pm. It started at 45 percent and
it only went down to 30!!!Buying a MacBook will not water your money! I am
loving every second of my use!!! Thank you Apple!!! 💜
This Product is a very tiny device. No power button and lots of confusion
navigating the system itself. Very expensive too. Not Good.
Had scratches all over the cover of it when it arrived. Sent it back for a
refund.
I didn't like this product at all. It asked for a fingerprint and credit card
number.
I got this MacBook Air for work, because my personal laptop is a 2019 Razer
Blade, and while thin, it’s heavy and runs hot…like gaming laptops do.I decided
to get a MacBook Air M1 256g for a work laptop, and had no real expectations
for it. I’ve been very impressed.The quality is what you’d expect from Apple,
sturdy construction, I love the keyboard, the display is solid and shows a
depth that my other laptops never have. It has handled everything I’ve thrown
at it, zooms, huge files of client contracts, browsing of course, I haven’t
ever noticed it throttling due to a lack of a fan.It’s operating system is very
user friendly too, some tasks that are a bit more difficult in a PC are
astonishingly easy. Honestly, I haven’t even touched the Razer Blade in a few
months, I will always have an apple laptop from here on out.
fits and protects my new Apple Air.
My son loved his Apple laptop while it worked. The screen has cracked twice. As
we can see from the image, it cracks from the top middle where Apple put the
camera. My son used the laptop a lot, but he did not mistreat his laptop. I
generally do favor Apple products. Apple already repaired this once. I paid
nothing for that repair. However, it has now failed twice for the same issue. I
feel this is a serious engineering defect. I likely will take it to Apple so
they can diagnose it. I don't particularly care if I get the laptop back or not
at this point since I suspect it may break again within six months.
Unfortunately I cannot recommend the Apple Macbook Air due to this defect. I do
expect a laptop to last at least 2 or 3 years. Apple normally makes great
products and I hold Apple in high esteem. This product unfortunately is not one
of them. Not all of the Apple laptops will face this issue. But if you search
the web you will find others who have experienced this same problem. I am
hoping Apple stress tests newer versions of their laptops to address this issue
in the future. Apple may need to modify the camera assembly or display
assembly. Or relocate the camera to a different location like the corner of the
display.
Not a good computer
The MacBook Air is a great purchase for a laptop. It has many new features that
will be helpful for school and work. The laptop is affordable, portable, and
has the new M1 chip. The way the laptop is affordable is because you will be
able to pay for it monthly so you will not spend all your money at once. You
will also be getting what you pay for with its latest features. It is also
portable because it is light weight and slim. This will help you carry it
anywhere you need to and will be very helpful if you go to college, since you
will be carrying from class to class. Lastly, it has a new M1 processing chip.
This M1 chip makes it better than any past MacBooks, it keeps you laptop
running smooth and fast, it also gives you long battery life. I really do
recommend you purchase the MacBook Air, it is worth buying.
I have both an iPad and iPhone so I thought is would be make sense to have a
Mac so everything is in one ecosystem, as it were. To some extent this has
indeed proved true and useful. I am coming from a Surface Pro 7. The Mac Air's
battery life is much less than advertised. The claim is around 10 hours, I
doubt I get 5, and I am mostly doing internet browsing and Word stuff. Battery
life from fully charged was about 1 hour while on Zoom. The battery life of the
Surface is better. Word for Mac is a little different than Word for a PC, but
the differences are minor and manageable. But documents open more slowly on the
Mac, and mine has the M1 chip. On the Surface, documents usually open
immediately. On the Mac it might take 5 seconds, not an eternity, but a little
annoying. The Surface boots up much faster than the Mac. I have a DVD with a
number of workouts on it. I could not get any individual workouts to open using
the Mac's native software. So I downloaded VLC. It works fine on the Mac, but
takes a long time to open, about a minute. This seems to be true of any
software not downloaded from the App store, including Firefox. There do not
appear to be Mac apps for either. On the other hand, the Mac has a better
screen than the Surface. While the Surface is quite a good laptop, it is a
marginal tablet, and I almost never use it as a tablet. When I am not sitting
at a desk, I prefer the Mac because the two parts cannot come apart as can
happen on a Surface. The new Mac keyboard works great, maybe a tie with the
Surface. So a mixed bag. As I mentioned, I like having everything in one
ecosystem, so likely that is enough of a benefit to keep the Mac. I am mulling
over upgrading to the MacBook Pro 13 because of its bigger battery, but don't
know if I want to spend the extra money.
This was the best and I'm not even a fan of apple products. Now I'm getting a
Apple Iphone!
Never had trouble with a Mac before. But they refunded my money.
wow
I absolutely love my new MacBook. When it arrived I answered a few questions,
connected it to my WiFi and off I went. It has been a buttery smooth
experience. Keyboards are one of those things that are dependent on user
preferences, but for me it's the best feeling keyboard I have ever owned. Many
professional reviewers agree it's terrific. The multi-touch pad is brilliant,
and now that I know the many different combinations of fingers and movements I
zip around getting work done. For example a two-finger swipe right goes back to
the previous web page, no need to hit that back button. It is also custom
configurable to your touchpad needs. What I appreciate most is the total cost
of ownership value. I bought Final Cut Pro X when it came out 10 years ago yet
there was no charge to get the latest version downloaded from the App Store. It
does everything I need without an ongoing subscription fee like others have. I
still can't get used to how fast it works, it took me an hour to render a video
on my old Mac but this MacBook did it in just a few minutes. And it's cool and
quiet! I'm using a huge 70" 4K monitor as my secondary monitor. Battery life is
ridiculous. I plug it in every 2 or 3 days depending on my workload, which is
several hours per day. I think the web camera is fine for me and many notebooks
use this same 720p size. I join one Zoom conference per week, so it doesn't
really matter. The one thing I hope gets updated with the next release are the
ports. I'm using a hub because it only has two thunderbolt ports. I recommend
this notebook to all my friends and family.
Gave me a MacBook that was locked no way of getting in
Don’t buy stop letting me login in couldn’t reboot either
I love Linux, i can tolerate windows, usually don't like Mac. It's fine folks
like what they like for me, Linux gives the most choice is extensible, and runs
so fast on even older hardware, you get infinite support you don't get harassed
to use cortana, siri, candy crush itunes etc etc. Mac usually they push you so
hard in this echo system for a lot of stuff i really don't like. it used to be
just getting music out of itunes was a pain.well here we are in 2021. I mainly
work on linux these days, and wanted a unix style mac because working remote i
just needed something with microsoft office, i need that. i am not doing
windows development these days. I know there is wsl but there are trade offs on
windows. not with mac -- for my use case, so i tried it... gave it another shot
really. My timing was seemingly really good. these computer are fantastic. You
know what i hate about laptops. when they are 150 degrees melting your nuts and
it sounds like you have a jet pack on. I hate that i really do. All of my
laptops do this. The mac M1 I am pleased to report doesn't. Screw performance i
mean that's great here, but the quiet and note heat that's the feature.This is
coming from someone that doesn't want to like Apple. They outsource all these
jobs, their stuff is over priced right? I'm not so sure about the price here.
You can buy a mac pro 13 inch that's faster than an i9 for 1500 (if you get
16gb), and the battery is amazing, no heat, no fan, the sound is great, the
screen is great, the keyboard is great, it's not a lenovo, but other than that
it's about as good as you can get. This machine is so well thought out. I got
the pro, the reason i take a lot of calls and wanted the slightly better sound,
and boosted battery,but if you don't need that you can just get the air which
doesn't have the horrible touch bar. Don't get me wrong. the touch bar would be
fine IN ADDITION to normal keys. that's where they went wrong here they got
greedy. I digress. The only other issue i see here is the connectivity sucks.
It needs ports on both sides and at least 2x ports.All these reviews are
usually full of crap. It's just people getting free hardware and writing
reviews so they can take a tax deduction, or they are sort marketing. This time
it's true. This architecture is a significant advance especially in the laptop
space. I 'm not sure if this will translate to a desktop-- risc vs cisc isn't
new it been going on for decades, but for laptops, this is a quantum leap. I
don't see any reason for the work i'm doing to use a desktop computer a this
point. i have complete portability, i can take calls (amazing calls), work on
ms office, general development (vscode, all the jetbrains stuff, docker etc)...
i mean for a lot of system stuff i'll still use I'd still use linux, but for
work this is a great way to go. What a great product. It really really is. This
i as strong of an endorsement i can give if you just need to be productive.
After 8 months of hell no more fumbeling around with TPM chips, mics, no being
able to share my screen, pleading with my computer to use the right audio
device. I like it better than any other laptop i have ever had by far.This
thing is really just that good. I've been i this industry for a long time.
There are going to have to be some changes in competitors product lines, if
Apple continues to maintain this price point and deliver a product of this
caliber. I have no question this one is going to eat market share fast. I'd
imagine there will be a strong response fro Intel, amd and the software
companies. It's difficult to justify purchasing any other laptop at this
moment. I mean just get the air for 1200, just get the extra ram. maybe 500 gb.
That's all most people are going to need. Who cares if they release better ones
in 6 months. they always do they'll probably cost too much. this is all you
need.
Apple is not standing behind this product. We bought this laptop in 12/2020. We
activated it but my husband changed his mind. It sat in our office for 1 1/
2 years We just plugged it in for my granddaughter for college and it won't
charge. Apple wants $428 to fix with only 90 day warrantee. It has no trade in
value and was never hooked up to the internet. So sadI have a much older
MacBook Air that has been fine.
Nice Laptop
Mac is completely dead.
The product came damage
Not very user friendly not in love with it
Report abuse
Product was broken
It wouldn’t even turn on
This M1 is such a leap ahead for Apple. It has great battery life, no heat, and
is fast and versatile. I ordered the 512 model, but as a casual user, I don’t
know if I will ever use all that memory. I think that many people could order
the 256 base model, and save some bucks. An external drive is cheaper than
built in memory. The fingerprint sensor is wonderful!
I encourage people who have had a bad taste left in their mouth by older
(Intel) MacBooks, like myself, at least try out an M1 machine in person and see
the difference.Compared to my older Core i5 MacBook: no more ridiculous heat
and fan noise, no hit on performance with a bunch of apps open, and I could
continue this list but *oh my god the battery.* I will watch a few YouTube
videos, listen to music, edit some documents then check the battery
percentage... to see it has gone down at most a handful of %, on pretty high
brightness. It's a remarkable accomplishment that will surely change the way I
use and transport my laptop. App compatibility has not been an issue for me at
all, but it's worth I do not use any niche developer / engineering tools.
Unable to remake the installation system
i believe i bought this in march, it’s currently may. when i got it the box
wasn’t damaged or anything. but the caps lock button and space bar malfunction.
sometimes i have to press them multiple times for them to work.
The move to M1 has made this model an instant classic. If you like MacOS and
need a daily driver person or light-load professional laptop, just buy it.Pros:
Huge jump in battery life over competitors and previous generationExcellent
performance with no fan noise and no heatGreat value for priceLight weight,
perfect industrial designGreat displayCons:Higher refresh rate (120hz+) would
be niceWebcam is outdated
Purchased as a replacement upgrade for older MacBook. Very happy with screen
and battery life. We also own MacBook PRO and one other Mac Air so we're picky!
Highly recommended.
Beware: reliability and customer support is gone. I bought a MacBook Air about
2 years ago. From the beginning, it malfunctioned, intermittently failing to
allow me to access any other apps besides the one I was using. I worked with
numerous Apple technicians who also witnessed the problem. After hours and
hours over months of patiently working with them, I was told we’d try a
complete replacement of the OS and if that didn’t work, I’d get a replacement.
When it didn’t, I was told I’d now have to take disk images and record dates
and times it failed. They’d have the “engineers” get involved. “The engineers”
for one faulty laptop after I’d been patient for two years doing everything
they asked, and they witnessed the problem. Two years, hours upon hours of my
life and a false commitment to make it right. I’ve been a Mac user for decades.
No longer. Given the premium price + AppleCare, I feel cheated and so
disappointed. I’ll be looking for a new non-Apple laptop.
Here’s my in-depth review of the M1 MacBook Air. (Don’t get confused by the
color Amazon said on top, it’s a gold color, and bought it off Best
Buy).ProcessorThis thing has a blazing-fast M1 system on a chip @3.2 GHz. The
bootup times are so short and apps launch instantly. Also apps are incredibly
smooth.DisplayThis has a Retina display. It’s the best laptop display. YouTube
videos come to life. If you zoom in on this Mac’s screen the pixels are “so
small and so close together, that the human eye can’t even distinguish them, so
type looks razor sharp”. That’s the moral of the iPad 3rd Gen, guys!Audio and
MicrophoneIn short terms, the audio and microphone audio are both REALLY clear.
I’m pretty sure these are stereo speakers.DescriptionOverall the best notebook
we ever had. You cannot go wrong with this purchase.
I couldn't ask for more from a $900-1000 laptop. The trackpad, the keyboard,
the screen, the performance, the battery life, all great 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
The only computers I've ever owned have been Macs, starting with a Mac SE in
1987. This is the first time I've bought one that has mainly made me angry.I
quickly discovered that I couldn't plug it into my printer because it doesn't
have a USB port, so I had to buy a USB-C to USB adapter: $19.I also can't
charge it using any of the chargers around my house from my old MacBooks or my
husband's MacBook, so in order to have an extra charger, I had to pay $49. When
it arrived, I realized it didn't come with a cord. Another order; another
$19.And Apple is no longer using MagSafe connectors, so if you accidentally hit
the cord with your foot or whatever, the cord doesn't just pop out of the
computer. Instead, it drags your computer with it. Yesterday, just a month
after getting my expensive new computer, I dragged it to the floor and broke
the screen. It'll cost me $500 to get it fixed, if I don't decide to throw it
into a dumpster.I now officially hate Apple. What's especially annoying is that
they've successfully addicted me to their products, and I know I'm not going to
change brands at this point in my life, so I'm going to keep having to put up
with this kind of crap from Apple, plus how they're always trying to invade my
privacy and force me to use iCloud and how their software now tries to make way
too many decisions for me.I'm writing this review on my old 2015 MacBook Air
and, even though it's slower than the new MacBook and the display is smaller
and not as nice, I'm wondering if I really want to fix my new MacBook.
I have had this MacBook Air in the gold color for a few months now. This is
actually my very first MacBook. I absolutely LOVE it. First of all, it is
gorgeous. I am a sucker for cute packaging or a cute product, and this laptop
is just stunning. I have never seen a beautiful laptop until I got this.The
performance is amazing as well. Super long battery life; I rarely have to
charge it. Super thin. Never gets hot. Super fast. The 4k performance is
beautiful. I would buy this again in a heartbeat. Definitely worth the price. I
looked at all of the MacBooks in person before buying, and the Air is just
stunning with its thin design. Did not like the looks of the Pro models!
The new MacBook Air with the M1 chip is overall amazing! It’s definitely worth
the money! The all-new chipset has turned the Air lineup into a beast! My only
complaint is the camera. Apple has stuck to the same 720p camera and claiming
the neural engine makes it better? I’m not convinced it’s any better, and it’s
really a disappointment compared to other notebooks in its class. Also, the
inability to adjust the keyboard brightness from the keyboard. It’s adjustable
from the settings and easily accessible… but it’s just an inconvenience. It’s a
petty complaint but for the money, this should be standard (it previously was
on older models). Aside from that, this notebook is amazing! Lightning fast and
the best battery life I’ve ever seen! Overall, if you’re in the Apple ecosystem
and you’re looking for an amazing laptop with all day battery life - this is
the one for you!
Purchased this laptop in November (half a year ago) but did not really start
using until the spring semester (end of January). About a month ago, I randomly
opened my laptop to find colored lines across the screen. No damage to the
phone as most my classes were remote and I was using my computer on my desk. It
ended up going away on its own after shutting it down for 2 hours, but lines
continue to reappear every few days or so then disappear after I let it rest. I
looked it up online and it seems to be a hardware issue but I do not know how
to fix this since I did not cause the problem. Never installed anything
additional on my laptop besides google chrome and R software for research. Do
not go through Amazon to purchase mac products.
The laptop seems fine but the box and laptop and adapter cord wreaked of mold.
I would have returned it, but needed a computer immediately for work.
This happened to my buddy Eric
I'm a big techie and after seeing all the benchmarks had to get the M1. It's
truly a game changing processor. My wife and I love this laptop. There's a
slight adjustment as I'm a lifelong Windows user but MacOS is intuitive enough
that it's not too bad. I tried to make the switch with Safari but it lacks
profiles so I'm on the Brave browser. Brave works great and have had no issues
so far. I also use signal and Bitwarden and both work fine.Apple really knocked
the ball out of the park with this machine. The one true con is the crappy
webcam. Aside from that this is the best laptop money can buy on the market
hands down.
First, I will say I bought this at an Apple store, not on Amazon. So this is a
review of the product. For many years, I have found Apple products to be
overrated and overpriced. That includes this product. For example, as others
have stated - no good ports (you need to buy all kinds of attachments), no
touchscreen, etc. And, of course, there are compatibility issues with anything
not made by Apple. But my biggest beef is that it is not reliable. I recently
downloaded Monterey - and am having all kinds of problems. I find all these 5
star reviews hard to believe.
I've been using this laptop for the past month and is working out great! I love
the battery life, i've only charged it 4 times😜.
Report abuse
amazing
I traded in my previous MacBook Air for the current version with the M1 chip. I
have only had it for four days and all I can say is wow! I didn't think I would
notice much of a difference, but I am very impressed with the speed and the
battery life of this new edition. I mainly use my laptop for emailing, paying
bills, and web browsing, and I purchased this model instead of the Pro because
I don't edit or shoot videos. This model is perfect for my needs.
If you purchase the MacBook Air with the M1 chip YOU WILL NO LONGER BE ABLE TO
RUN WINDOWS ALONG WITH MAC OS! If your buying specifically to just use the Mac
OS & don’t have a problem not being able to run Windows or any program that
runs on Windows, then this system is a good Apple product. If you are like
myself (or want the option like you SHOULD JUST HAVE as has always been offered
in the past with processors before the M1 and run Windows on a partitioned
drive either with MAC OS, or boot up into Windows instead, the M1 chip now
takes that ability to do so away! The MacBook Air itself with the M1 chip now
that they’ve finally incorporated the ability to run iPhone apps on it is in
itself a huge breakthrough. That was overall my biggest frustration with using
MacBooks by a long shot. And it seems they’ve fixed that now, so on one end
impressive if your simply not needing Windows or anything that runs in the
Windows environment of course.
Brought this from apple directlyDisplay started showing Vertical stripes within
20 days of purchaseAnd yes not in stock for replacementApple was helpful in
refunding the moneyI would recommend to go for 512 GM ssd256 GB only gives you
to 140 Gb odd space to work with
Absolutely incredible. Apple has outdone themselves with this new M1 chip. If
you are Windows user looking for a new laptop, and you are okay with trying out
macOS, I would say this purchase is a no-brainer.
Full disclosure, bought from Best Buy open box for a much better price and
convenient same day pick up.Shouldn't surprise anyone, build quality is top of
the line, feels ultra premium, track pad, screen and keyboard are perfect.
Screen is actually amazing, makes a huge different coming from even an IPS
windows laptop. Fanless is truly fantastic, laptop stays cool with demanding
tasks while sipping battery. I sat there for 5 hours doing some serious writing
and safari browsing, and barely lost ~20%. I'd imagine you could get a couple
days with casual/moderate use.This laptop solves all the problems of the
previous Air's, it doesn't get super hot and the fans kick on obnoxiously loud.
Performance is top notch, and the only real downfall is the lack luster webcam,
but I'm not knocking off a star because every laptop has at least one
compromise. This is a compelling package for the price, especially if you get
more than 3 years out of it which is very doable. Overall was very impressed
with this machine coming from a Ryzen 3500u Windows laptop.
okay so, pretty great laptop. it doesn’t overheat, the camera is better than my
previous macbook, and it runs pretty well. the only problem i have is that
extensions like chrome keep crashing. as a student using google meet and zoom
for 7 hours a day i really can’t be crashing in the middle of a class. i’m not
big on tech, so i’m not that picky, but i hope this problem sorts itself out.
This is our second Macbook Air. The first one lasted nearly 5 years and was a
rock-solid laptop. The new m1 machines are garbage. Do some research on the
internet. The screens break and Apple denies there is a problem. We have had
this one for about 8 months and the screen just broke a second time. I've paid
$200 for Apple care and $100 twice to replace a screen. We did NOTHING to the
screen. no signs of abuse, a bump, a scratch, NOTHING. just open one day and
the screen is black and pixelated. The break is internal. When its not broken,
its a great computer. Just be ready to buy it several times over replacing the
screen.mIf you are already a victim, there are law firms taking cases. Apple
ought to step up and just deal with the defect. Forcing customers that have
been loyal to the brand to join in a class action suit in order to deal with
the know and ongoing problem is awful. Too bad they are so big they just don't
care.
Upgraded from Mid 2015 base Macbook Air. This thing is like 100x faster. It is
amazing. I got used to the USB-C and bought a little hub that makes it a non
issue. Actually like it better since USB C is faster. Battery life on my old
MacBook was amazing. This one is literally at least double that. Pro tip do not
use chrome on any Mac or MacBook it is energy and efficient and will kill your
battery (took me a while to learn this). Webcam is only bad part but all
Macbooks have substandard webcams compared to iPhones. I got the base model and
do NOT regret it one bet- I saved a ton of money on one less core and I do NOT
notice a difference (heard its 10% or less). This thing is razor thin!
Granted I'm coming off a MBP 8/500 dual-core i5, but this thing is read-my-mind
fast. I keep quitting apps out of habit when you just don't need to. Keyboard
is back to pre-butterfly goodness, sound is great, and with a dock like the
Anker 7-in-1 you will not mind the port count. GarageBand and iMovie never miss
a beat. On geekbench, these new M1 units are surpassed only by the xeon Mac &
iMac Pros and the 8-core i9 iMac. Same no-go apps as Catalina, so no real
surprises. Can't wait for more universal binary apps, it'll only get better.
Yes there are bezels but honestly who cares? This package delivers an extremely
strong value as someone who spends most of their time in a browser, working on
excel and word. Chrome has not posed any issues so far with many extensions and
two profiles running simultaneously as of the time of writing mid december. 8gb
of ram is more than enough to run a multitude of apps thanks to apple's strong
os optimization.This one is a keeper, I've been trying out macbooks for awhile
and was always unhappy with something. Don't get me started with the battery
life, it is so good that I spend most of my time off the charger.Most average
joes looking for a daily driver or work from home computer will be satisfied
with this. As long as apple continues to support the first gen of desktop
silicon for a long time like everything else, then I have no doubt this will
last for a long time.
Yup. This M1 MacBook Air is everything the online reviewers said it was--
amazingly fast, agile, and smart. It blows away all earlier MacBook Airs as
well as most other laptops on the market. I'm not much of a tech nerd, so the
specs and numbers don't mean much to me. I'm a writer. So I appreciate the
feel, ease, and portability of the machine. Plus, I'm delighted with the
keyboard--heads and tails better than the faulty "butterfly" keyboard on my old
2017 Air. All in all, this is a great small laptop. Solid, but light. Lightning
fast and nimble. It is a great step up from the older Intel machines. And I'm
not in the least bothered that the external design is the same as the older
models. It's a classic and fully functional shape, so why change? Well done,
Apple.
I run 11ish, an investment website and channel on youtube. I was hesitant about
whether this laptop will handle video editing or not since I came from a 2016
macbook pro, but this has outperformed it through and through! Fast and
reliable. The only problem I ran into was actually migrating past iMovie
content over
Best one I had ever
Disclaimer: purchased a special order 16GB/512GB directly from AppleUsage:
general purpose web browsing, office work, programming in Python, casual photo
editingBattery: excellent. I can go the entire day without charging with my
screen brightness turned up all the way up.Responsiveness: quick to do what I
want it to do.M1 compatibility: lots of apps are jumping to support M1
natively; Rosetta does the job and I have no complaintsKeyboard: good typing
feel
GREAT!!! Came on time!!!
No complains so far. Very fast and performs great. I had a 2020 March version
of MacBook Pro and I think this November release is better. Battery life is
much better and also, audio and video seem improved compare to older release.
Apple makes an incredible product. But their contempt for the customer knows no
end. This is especially exemplified by the reduction of ports to only two on
the MacBook Aires and even some Powerbooks. And EVERYTHING is put into those
two. The separate power port is gone. The separate video out port is gone. In
some cases, even the audio out port is gone. All they leave you with is two USB
ports which they expect you to use for everything. For a lot of people, like
myself, multiple ports are needed for constant use. They are needed for
external hard drives (especially for file backup where you don't want to use
the Apple Cloud which is susceptible to NSA snooping), external DVD and CD
burners, special printers that do NOT work with Bluetooth, special mice for
people like myself with handicaps that make trackpads difficult, drawing pads,
etc. etc. etc. And don't tell me to just get an external hub. I have tried them
all and NONE of them provide proper power to external tools that need it. Plus
they frequently get hotter than a firecracker. In summation, Apple needs to
start giving consideration to the Customer's needs and not just to some fancy
"updated" technology. Bluetooth does not work dependably and is a real pain
most of the time and is not available for all external tools. We NEED physical
ports. Please put them back on the MacBooks, especially the "Aires". And stop
taking them off of the Mac Cubes. The last one I bought had no audio port
causing extreme problems with my video production work. PLEASE APPLE, BRING
BACK THE PORTS. Otherwise I may be forced, God forbid, to go back to Microsoft
computers.
I was using a 2015 MacBook Pro for doing video editing for my church, and when
I saw the specs on the M1 based MacBook Pro, I upgraded for faster processing.
My existing system has an Apple monitor, wi-fi keyboard and mouse, and a WD 3
TB external drive.The two USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro are inadequate! I
also bought a new 27" LG monitor because I couldn't figure out how to use the
old monitor with the new computer. The LG monitor has 4 USB-C ports on the
back, so I assumed would give me enough connections for my devices.
WRONG!!!!!Only one of the LG ports is Lighting compatible, so I had to use it
to connect and power the laptop. I had to buy a USB-C to Displayport adapter,
plus a Displayport to Firewire adapter to connect my external drive, but this
wasn't supported over the monitor's USB-C ports, it had to be connected to the
remaining Lightening port on the laptop. This consumed all the easily
accessible ports!Then I had to buy a USB-C to USB3 adapter to connect my camera
and other devices to the computer. All behind the monitor. It's a royal pain!
I've got it working, but I'm unhappy with the cludge. I don't understand why
Apple put together such a capable laptop with so limited connection
capabilities. I'm going to be d*****g with this terrible configuration for
years.On the positive side, their claims of faster processing are true. I can
put together a church video, then export it to a file in 1/2 the time as my old
laptop. Even the upload speeds to YouTube seem to be faster.
Junk. For $1000, I'm gonna need a little more than a 256GB ssd that can't ever
be upgraded or replaced because it's soldered to the MB. When the SSD goes, the
whole thing is worthless. Or inversely, if the MB dies, you can't remove the
drive to get your data. It's like they are trying to fill up landfills with
garbage on purpose.
My favorite thing about this new macbook is the ability to listen to music
beautifully at the first level of volume. At max volume a theater can hear it.
Awesome macbook
I've tried several wireless mouse and flash drive neither will connect to
device.
Owned a 2016 MacBook Air that had display issues from the get-go, but Apple
said it might be okay if I was super careful handling it. I couldn’t go without
a laptop for 2 weeks so decided to risk it. After a couple yrs of being super
careful the display became distorted after just a slight bump, and after the
warranty period of course. Used it hooked up to the TV only for about a year,
but as that was difficult in itself (overheating, prevented sleep function,
etc), had to change course. Didn’t wanna pay $550 for a new display, so……
bought the M1 2020 MacBook Air instead. Seemed to be operating well until 8
months in, when I wasn’t even anywhere near it and the display went totally
out. Wouldn’t turn on after repeated powering down so called Apple. They had me
power on with that shift-control for 10 secs and it went on again. However,
considering my experience with my last laptop took no chances and brought it in
to Apple.They ran diagnostics and found that the ambient light sensor wasn’t
working. That’s what automatically dims and brightens the screen when going
into dark or bright places, in case you, like I, didn’t really know what it
did. Had never dropped this or mishandled it in any way.Sent in my laptop for
repair and it’s now been more than a week without and they’re still
“diagnosing” it. Luckily my old laptop is still semi-functional if I hook it up
to my TV. And I still had a few months left in the warranty. But what if it
didn’t and I didn’t have the old one still functional?Two times in a row
MacBook Air with serious display issues in the last 5 yrs, with no accidental
damage from me. Aside from this, has superior speed and processing power,
doesn’t overheat, but still takes 20-30 sec to power up and the touchpad
functionality and the feel of both it and the keyboard are terrible when
compared to the 2012 I used to have.If you buy an Apple laptop now Apple care
plus is almost mandatory. Will have to seriously consider going back to Windows
for my next laptop.
I gave my wife this new MacBook Air as a gift 3 months ago. She is very careful
with it. She opens it last night and the screen is garbled. There's a hairline
crack in it leading from the left edge. It wasn't dropped. It wasn't pressed
on, sat on, or kept under books. In other words it was NORMAL use when the damn
thing stopped working.We took it to Apple store and they want $400+ to fix it.
It's 3 months old! The guy says the display is flimsy and subject to crack. I
go online to see if he is telling the truth... found a LOT of hits of others
complaining about how easily the screen cracks.I'm a big Apple fan but am
disappointed and outraged that Apple would sell a product with such a design
flaw and expect users to "buy Apple Care" so that they pay "less when it
breaks"... even under NORMAL use.Save your money, buy and older model or get an
iPad which ironically can take a beating by a 12 year old gamer without fail!
I am one of the thousands that have come back to their laptop the next day only
to find black vertical lines. This has happened twice (I bought the computer in
August 2021) . Apple fixed the screen the first time, but are now asking for
514 dollars, claiming that I damanged the screen. I did not! This problem is so
common there are two class action lawsuits that have been filed against Apple.
They purposely sold a computer that they knew would develop cracks with opening
or closing it.
Apple USED to make great computers... Past tense! I've used them for many
(almost 20) years but recently bought this computer in December and my
sentiments about this brand has completely changed. How the mighty have
fallen!I was always the biggest Apple supporter. I have purchased many as gifts
for relatives as well as bought them for myself. From the Apple watches to the
screens and desktops to the macbook pros, macbook airs and phones. I defended
them against the Apple haters and always had their backs. I thought I was going
to be Apple for life. I even own many shares of their stock, which I will be
dumping soon because I see the writing on the wall. I could tell something was
up with them as Apple continues to have great earnings reports but their stock
doesn't move. It's the biggest slug of a stock. I now think I have stumbled
upon the reason why.If you google the recent complaints about Apple you will
see. Apple does not have the great customer service they once had. I was
mistaken to think they did. They have also started cheaping out... big time.
The result? Products that don't last. Couple that with customer service that
could give a flying eff if you remain a customer of theirs and I'm sensing a
recipe for disaster unfolding here... Selling all of my $AAPL stock ASAP
stat.Warning, do not buy this computer! Apple's quality has gone wayyy
downhill.The MacBook Air cords are absolutely horrendous! I am on my third
Apple cord in less than 6 months. I brought the product to an Apple store and
the employee denied that there was any problem with their cords and instead
blamed me. He told me I must be doing something wrong. Nothing has changed
about my usage of their products. I've always used them the same way and never
had issues with my cords until the computer was really old. Think years and
years. Not months. So you'd think if I was the problem like this guy tried to
say I was, I'd be going through computer cords right and left, right? Well I
haven't. And looking up my account would prove that. However, Apple doesn't
care. They want to charge me for to replace their defective products
anyway.Welcome to the new Apple where the customer is always WRONG.Then the guy
doubled down and told me that he'd been working at the Apple store for 10 years
and I'm the ONLY person who has ever had a problem with their cord. A simple
google search has proved that to be completely false. Everybody complains about
the quality of their cords. This must be huge business for them selling cords
like this.So the employees gaslight you and will blame you if something goes
wrong. If you want to sign on for that, good luck. I hope you never run into a
problem and see what I'm talking about but you'll be fooling yourself because
it will only a matter of time. I am DONE! I work too hard for my money and they
aren't the only computer show on the road. Lucky for me I speak PC too.Thanks
for nothing Apple! Good job burning that bridge. You just lost a loyal customer
over $19. Hope it was worth the extra $$$$. It's not the money Apple. It's the
principle. I won't do business with companies who treat me like that, period.
Peace out!
The M1 chip really is amazing. But it only lasted five days for me. Somehow
mine managed to break after using a third party USB C hub. The screen wouldn’t
turn on at all, and an Apple repair tech couldn’t figure it out after doing a
few quick tests. Oh and then Apple said it would take a month to replace it
with a new one.
Be aware the screen is extremely delicate and prone to break for no apparent
reason. Apple won't acknowledge the design fault and now there is a class
action law suite. Stay away from the AIR unless you enjoy expensive repair
bills.
It amazes me how much praise Apple seems to be getting for an out dated design
and user interface. Where is the touch interface and pen input especially since
it is supposed to run IPad apps? Where is the flexibility of a 2 in 1 that we
have had available for years? Apple has basically given us a fast dinosaur with
a pretty face.
Overall, I love it. However, with that said there are some serious cons to
consider before purchasing.1. Terrible camera--super grainy. This is
unfortunate for a time that the majority of us are working at home or are
reliant on FT for communication.2. It's important to be mindful, and as most
techs will admit, this is easily apple's worst M chip--it will only get better!
In the meantime, however, this Mac is super fast!I use it for school, work, and
casual browsing. If that's what you're looking for, I recommend it. If you're
looking for the best of the best, wait until they fix this camera.
(Heads-up, this review will be lengthy, but I wanted to cover every aspect to
make sure you make the right buying choice).The MacBook Air has always been
known as a popular choice for college students over the years due to the
lightweight, slim design and good battery life. One caveat that has always
plagued the MacBook Air of year’s past was underwhelming performance due to
underclocked, lower-powered processors (which were always reserved for the
“Pro” line). That was why I always got a MacBook Pro in year’s past. This time
around, when Apple announced the new M1 chip, I was curious, so I watched hours
and hours of reviews and decided to pull the trigger on the new Air (the Air
has the same chipset as the MacBook Pro, with the same GHz at 3.2, while saving
$300). I am on a budget, but I also didn’t want to sacrifice performance, so I
was a little nervous I was missing out by not getting the Pro, but thankfully I
have not had to sacrifice a thing.I am a full-time digital design student, so
my workflow can be demanding at times with running Adobe Photoshop and Adobe
InDesign, etc. I previously purchased a 2017 MacBook Pro and it was my daily
driver until about mid-March when I made a grievous error and went out and
purchased a Lenovo Yoga C940 with 16GB of Ram, Intel i7 Processor at a whopping
price tag of $1500.00. Buyer’s remorse soon followed as the Yoga was plagued
with overheating issues, thermal throttling and absolutely horrific battery
life. The only thing that I liked was the speaker set-up and the 4K touch
screen. Other than that, I was beyond disappointed. I sent it back, and went
back to using my 2017 MacBook Pro, until I purchased this Air.So the pro’s:
Fantastic battery life—I have a tough time killing the battery on this
computer. It will easily last an entire day, and even longer if you aren’t
totally hammering this thing with demanding apps like I do. It’s great to know
you don’t have to always carry a charger with you everywhere (you can carry
from class to class, the coffee shop and back home and it’ll still have battery
to spare). A win in my book.Heat management and fanless design—I am super nit-
picky about heat management and fan noise when it comes to laptops, which is
why I always love the MacBooks and detest Windows (hence sending the Lenovo
back). The fact that this computer is fanless and manages to stay cool to the
touch boggles my mind. I don’t have to worry about a computer than will get so
hot that you can fry an egg on it, or annoying fans kicking on. I also like
that I don’t have to worry about blocking any ventilation grills, since there
is no fan. I can sit in bed with covers under this and not worry I’m blocking a
fan exhaust. Again, another win in my book.Slim design—at 2.8 pounds, and
having a tapered design, you can throw this thing in a backpack and not feel
like you’re lugging around a brick. I also liked the tapered design as it’s a
little more ergonomic than my MacBook Pro that has some really sharp edges by
the trackpad. It’s a nice change for someone that has to type up essays all of
the time.Keyboard—gone are the butterfly mechanisms of MacBook’s past. One
thing I really missed when I gave up my 2015 MacBook Pro was the keyboard!
Thankfully with the new Air and Pro’s, you get the scissor switch mechanisms
back, so my fingers don’t feel like they’re hitting bottom when typing for long
periods of time.Trackpad—I love, love the force touch trackpad. I still believe
Apple has one of the best trackpad designs of any laptop out there. Hands down.
It’s smooth as butter.Performance—This is the little machine that could. It
puts my 2017 Pro to shame. It also outperforms the Lenovo that was supposed to
be top of the line, at a fraction of the cost. I can have multiple tabs in
Safari open, Photoshop, Apple Music, Microsoft Word, and this doesn’t even
break a sweat. I also like that I can do some light video editing on this. For
most people—especially college students—this computer’s power should be more
than sufficient. Keep in mind if you are a professional videographer or
photographer, you might want to opt for the Pro as it does have a fan and can
sustain heat management better in terms of thermal throttling. Again, that’s if
you’re editing like multiple 4K videos on a daily basis, but for college
students or the average Joe that may only need to do the occasional video
project—no problem! This computer can handle it!Screen—It’s nice and bright,
and the color accuracy is on point, which is important if you edit photos or
videos in any capacity like I do.Speakers—I am a music junkie, and I have to
constantly have music going when I’m working on school projects, and for such a
thin and light laptop the speakers on this are actually pretty good. Good
stereo separation and punchy. They could do with a little more bass, and when
you max the volume it can get a little faded, but that’s to be expected for
such small speaker drivers. I am more than pleased with them. They also work
good for binge-watching shows on Netflix.The cons (there are few):The
webcam—it’s a 720P webcam, and well, it looks like a 720P webcam. It’s a little
grainy and washed out. It will do in a pinch, but you’d think in 2020 we’d get
an upgrade on the webcam.The lack of ports—in true Apple fashion, the I/O is
somewhat lacking. You have 2 thunderbolt 4 ports, of which you cannot plug in
an external GPU, and are limited to one external monitor (this is a limit that
Apple’s M1 system on a chip, not the thunderbolt ports, which I am sure will be
resolved in future iterations). I would have liked to have seen at least one
USB-A port for legacy things like flash drives, etc. But that’s just me being
nit-picky.M1 chip running Intel apps—because Apple’s M1 chip runs on ARM and
most apps are coded for Intel, there are many apps that have not been optimized
to run the new Apple chip natively (like Adobe Creative Cloud). You might run
into a few glitches and hick-ups while app developers are getting up to speed.
So far, I haven’t really run into any issues, but there is that possibility. I
am sure here soon it won’t be a problem. Again, it’s nit-picking.--To sum up:
this MacBook Air is a winner. I would absolutely not hesitate to recommend this
to anyone, and I would absolutely buy it again. You get the performance and the
portability, while saving some $ by not buying the Pro line. I am very happy
with this computer and think I might just have come as close as I can to the
perfect laptop for my needs.Happy shopping!
Like thousands of other people, the screen started flickering after about 2
months. Then it went completly black. Apple store said my only option was pay
over $400 to fix the screen. Apple call center said they can only take a
complaint and my only option is to pay the money the store said to fix their
defective product. Google to find out more. Don't by this defective product,
Apple says it is not covered by its warranty because it is the customer fault.
But, it is happening to 1000s of people and they know it is actually their
fault.
Great out of the box, then slowly the battery life started decreasing, the
constant hard reboots to get Safari back up and running, inexplicably running
hot, and crashing more often than a Windows machine. Simply plugging in the
power adapter is enough to crash the system followed by the necessary reboot.I
firmly believe that Apple will eventually get the bugs will get worked out, but
for now look elsewhere or wait for either the M1x or M2 processors that will
hopefully have this operating smoothly.UPDATE: There are other emerging
issues.In Safari, the keystrokes to italicize "Command+I" will randomly switch
to opening up a new email message, and the keystrokes to convert text to LaTeX,
"command+shift+L" now inexplicably opens the left panel. I am also coming into
the known compatibility issue mentioned elsewhere.
Bought one directly from Apple. I was excited to see how nice it would be to
use since I had recently moved over to using an iPhone and was impressed at how
it had improved over the years. All the positive reviews and videos everywhere
made this seem like a great product. Don’t be fooled. Please. This is one of
the most disappointing and frustrating pieces of tech I’ve ever had the
displeasure of getting to use. Never have I seen or used a computer that had so
many options that you will never need. Missing options you should always have.
And not be capable of preforming basic tasks without bugging out. To those
saying this is one of the best computers you’ve ever used… have you ever used a
computer before? Anytime within the last 10-15 years? I’m willing to bet not.
Good speed, but have several issues with printer both Scan & print. Also I am
facing issue with external drive back up. There is no inbuilt flash drive port.
This was the first Apple Laptop I've purchased. My entire life I was so excited
to always purchase an Apple MacBook/MacBook Air because of the positive
reviews. I tend to review most everything in the most positive light, but this
is just horrible. I constantly come back to the laptop and it says "Please
report unexpected shutdown to Apple." This has happened at least 8 times with
no response from an Apple Technician. Then the camera quality for a 2020
Machine is something out of the 1990s. It's horrible, I look grainy and I
bought this laptop for an MBA program. If you want to run many programs at
once, even with upgrade RAM and Processor, you will hear what sounds like an
airplane trying to take off CONSTANTLY. The. fan. does. not. shut. off. Sure
it's portable, sure the "build" quality feels good in the hand. In terms of
performance, spend the extra money and don't get this. I'm quite embarrassed I
shelled out over $1k for this. Do as you wish, but this laptop is not worth the
money and has pretty much ruined my desire to get any form of an Apple Laptop
again.
Buyer beware! Like the MacBook Pro pictured here, the screen of the MacBook Air
often cracks within a few weeks or months after purchase, entirely without any
misuse. The design flaw seems to be the relative inflexibility of the screen's
LCD panel.I ordered a MBA, then returned the package unopened after reading
relevant articles on 9to5mac and the discussion thread on the Apple support
site. With few exceptions, Apple refuses to make the repair under warranty. The
user's cost of replacing the screen amounts to half the purchase price.
My 2018 MBA died (logic board). It was 2-1/2 years old. Apple quoted $500 to
repair it. The repair came with a 90 day warranty. They told me that if I had
purchased Apple Care, it would have been covered. If I had purchased Apple Care
on all of the Apple computers I've purchased over the past 25 years I could
have bought 2-3 brand new MacBook Airs. Used to be a fan of Apple.
What happens when you perfect a product? You can only go downhill. In 2015
Apple perfected the MacBook. Then, they ruined it.Everyone in 2015: It's great.
A bit more battery life would be nice.Apple: We'll make it thinner, make the
touchpad so big people hit it with their palms, remove the magnetic break-a-way
power cable that everyone loves, replace all the ports with USB-C ports so
people have to buy dongles, swap the keyboard for one that barely even
functions, and hell (just to mess with everyone) let's lower the battery
life.The 2020 does little to fix any of the issues. It's a crap product, but
after Jobs died Tim Cook couldn't make changes because he'd basically be
admitting he was wrong. And they need to keep changing things because otherwise
it is only perfect and not "new" - Whoever decided this was the way to go
should be working in an Amazon warehouse sorting returns.
First off I’m giving this one star just so you’ll read this honest review. I
brought this Mac book and have been satisfied with functionality and speed but
I’m giving 1 star because apple really nickel and dimes us as customers. The
usb c cable that comes with the laptop is not even close to being one of the
best on the market. I attempted to use it to power my elgato game capture card
and the card would not read. Kept saying I need a usb3.0 to work. So I then
used the cable that came with my Samsung external hard drive and bang it work
immediately. I spent a lot of money on this laptop just to receive a weak cable
with it. The cable is literally only good for charging and light duty file
transfer which I guess is ok for most people. But for me it was not. Apple
already doesn’t give us headphones anymore and they don’t even have the decency
to give us a very good cable. 1star because for this price I could have built a
computer or brought a prebuilt one. Last apple laptop I will ever buy. O and
the camera sucks and there are no setting to adjust it.
Don't let the fanboys sway you, you're a beta tester with this laptop. Lots of
software doesn't function with it, I know, it didn't run of key programs I
needed, also what does can be buggy at times. If you're using this for work or
real money is counting on its use DO NOT buy, simple as that. Lots of things
should have been better, the bezel in 2021 is thick. The lack of ports is
ridiculous. If you planned to use windows, count that out. If your a grandma
using it to surf the web go for it.
This is one of the most expesive laptops and have not Microsoft pack. Pages
&numbers, is horrible to work in it.You need to buy the New Microsoft pack
becasue it does not includying it and worse do not let dowlond due the M1 card,
I do not find nothing good different neither in the camera with this new
macbook air 2020. At the least my last macbook air had inclided the Microsoft
pack and was more easy to work. The screen is not different neither with my old
macbook, so I am vert disssapoinment, I bougth in January 2021 directly from
the Apple website.
I've had mine less than 3 months and am unhappy and peeved off. While this is a
pretty and nice laptop as well as light and easy to travel with. It LAGS and is
SLOW. Every time I haven't opened my laptop an hour after I last opened it
nothing happens with the screen and I am forced to hold the power button until
it turns off and then on again, if I'm lucky it works the first time. and when
you plug anything into it the computer FREEZES! (you also need to get an
adapter because it doesn't take USB) Apple is once again charging way too much
for a subpar product. If you're looking for fast and streamlined this is NOT
the computer for you. Very disappointed and utterly annoyed.
Just as I bought a 2nd M1 Macbook Air... The first one, which I'm currently
using to make this review, randomly freezes and then automatically reboots
itself after seeing a pink screen. Doing a quick search, you can find ARTICLES
about this issue that isn't being fixed with software updates. This must be a
hardware issue... God I hope they didn't cheap out again.
Liked:- Long battery life (one charge WILL last all day, i.e. 16 hours.
Personally tested true)- Speed (the new M1 processor really is fast)- Quiet (no
fan but the laptop still does not get hot)- Light and portable- High resolution
& bright displayDisliked:- As with other MacBooks, the keyboard is mediocre
especially compared to laptops like Lenovo Thinkpad- Incompatible applications
(With the M1 processor still being new, you might experience existing programs
frequently crash. For example, Chrome keeps crashing) But I would guess there
will be a fix soon
I'm a fan of apple products and I like almost everything about this new MBA.
But it has one huge flaw that nobody talks about. It's the camera hardware and
it hasn't been updated in ages. My zoom calls are so grainy and bad even with
decent light. A $1000 laptop with 10 year old front camera is unacceptable.
Camera is very important to me. Especially now that we all are quarantined at
home and making zoom calls all the time.
UPDATE 12-15-2020 - After three weeks, I'm still really impressed with the M1
MacBook Air/8 Core CPU/8 Core GPU/512 SSD/8GB RAM. --- My updated plea: MAKE
SURE YOU GET AS MUCH MEMORY & STORAGE AS YOU CAN AFFORD. SPECIAL ORDER ONE TO
YOUR PROJECTED FUTURE NEED!Remember, Macs live a very long time and the value
it holds will depend on how usable it will be to you or someone else in 5 or
even 10 years. Not that long ago, 80 GB hard drives were HUGE... and
UPGRADABLE. RAM was upgradable. The SSD and the RAM in these machines is NOT
upgradable.The one issue for me has been that I am a memory hog! I tend to have
LOTS of tabs open at once (I've caught myself with 50 (Safari) open in one
browser and 39 (Chrome) in another!), while running Affinity/Final Cut Pro -
and YES, the dreaded Beach Ball has reared it's ugly head. Well, this got me to
assess what I will be using the machine for and for how long.Storage can be
added with external drives, slower, but it will let you scrape by. RAM is
another story. When you constantly use up RAM, the system starts using "swap
memory" where it uses the SSD to store temporary files. One of the YouTube
reviewers (Created Labs) explains it like this: RAM memory is like writing on a
white board, it's made to be temporary. Writing to the SSD is like writing on
paper with a pencil. It can be erased, but if it's written on and erased for
too long, it's going to degrade the medium. It will take years for this to
cause problems, but keep in mind that in these M1 MacBooks, none of the parts
are replaceable. The SSD and the RAM are soldered onto the board.***As
ridiculously expensive as Apple RAM is, when it's not upgradable, get the
maximum, in this case, 16 GB.I really doubt that Apple will be making machines
with user upgradable RAM after the switch from Intel is complete, except for
possibly the very high end Pro models.There is also the fact that if I am going
to be doing a decent amount of video editing, a M1 with a fan will be helpful.
Upgrading to the cheaper ($699+Upgrades) M1 Mac mini would be the cheapest way
to get better performance for the Pro Apps, but I need a laptop, so... So, that
is why I'm planning to return this machine and get one (likely the MacBook Pro
M1), with 16 GB RAM & 1 TB SSD.***A note on browsers, Safari is by far the BEST
browser to run on the M1, at least for now. I always had issues with saving web
pages as PDF files in Chrome, where it did not save most of the images/text on
the page. In Safari, it's worked perfectly.------I purchased the MacBook Air
M1, 8 core GPU, and 8 core CPU model, with 512 GB SSD and 8 GB RAM in person at
the Apple Store (11-20-2020), with education pricing. I traded in my (MNYH2LL/
A) - 2017 12" Macbook with the Intel M3 processor, 256 GB SSD, 8 GB Ram. I kept
my charging adapter & C-cable (which are both compatible with the M1 Late 2020
Macbook Air), so ended up with a $330 Apple Store instant credit towards the
M1.The M1 model has blown me away with its speed and smooth running with a
large number of apps open, including Final Cut & Logic Pro. Admittedly the 2017
MB was the bottom of the line and I suffered under frequent overheating issues
with too many things open and the single C-port fiasco.I likely would have gone
with the 7 core GPU model if one had been in stock at the time of purchase, but
I wanted 512 GB of SSD space, so I paid more by going with eh 8 core. From
everything that I've seen, the lack of more RAM upgrades is not nearly as
important as it was with the Intel x86 processors and is really only useful
when you have many GPU intensive "Pro Apps" running at the same time.I would
never have dreamed of running Final Cut or Logic Pro on the 2017 Macbook, so
this has been an amazing upgrade for me.I would say that the bottom line is
that if you're someone who only uses a laptop for office & basic web surfing
and only has a few tabs open at once, and you never experience overheating or
the dreaded beach ball "not responding" issues, or if you have non-Apple
programs that have not been compiled for the M1 chip, hold off on the upgrade
until more apps run natively on the M1. If however, you really need a machine
that is MUCH more capable, faster and cooler running than the Intel models,
it's a solid buy and an amazing upgrade from any non-upgradable Mac.
I cannot believe how bad this camera is on the so-called sophisticated Apple
product? And no USB ports - how ridiculous is that? So if you want to use an
external mouse you can’t do that - I could go on!
I have big hands. This computer was not made for anyone who has large hands. My
hands cramp constant as i type and i cannot get a bigger/better computer
because of how much i have already spent. It is extremely frustrating. It is so
small. I mistype constantly and have accidentally deleted many important
things!!! This computer also glitches ALOT. It is constantly changing my mouse
from “single click” to “double” . It constantly opens new tabs and new pages
for no reason. Waste of money. Just buy a pc. I am regretful
Theres a serious glitch where you can't use touch ID if drained from dead
battery. Then it will ask you for a password. Unclear if this is an apple ID
password or whatever, but mine didn't work. Tried every combo I knew. And then
there is no option for reset password. Just none at all. And then it won't
enter recovery mode. Just a horrible product, stay far away
Dropped about $2500 on 3 of these roughly 3 years ago. One had battery issues,
one had logic board failure which Apple would not cover, and 3rd is doing fine.
Apple has kept up with design quality, camera is top notch, but does not meet
quality expectations overall. With the reduced cost of Windows machines, may be
time to step out of my Apple bubble.
Do not buy refurbished/ used laptops from Amazon. Often times they are stolen
and when you need software upgraded or fixed the manufacturer will not touch
the computer when they figure out its stolen. Amazon will not refund or replace
the computer with one that is not stolen. So you are stuck with stolen goods
that can not be repaired through the manufacturer
They really should issue a recall on this particular model. The screen cracks
on its own and yet Apple denies there is an issue. Going to be exchanging this
for an older model that at least will last.
Don't be fulled by 13" description. Its bigger! And much heavier! New Air
completely lost its purpose to be small and light laptop that is convenient on
the go. If I wanted a bigger and more capable laptop I would have bought a PRO
not an AIR. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make a normal size AIR
Bad Apple! Battery always drop dead without any reason. Sometimes, it is still
90% of battery, but it dropped dead in the middle of nowhere, or freeze, the
screen just freezes 10 times a day at least. I have to force it to power off
and on 10 times a day at least. I only have the Mac Air for 3+ Years, totally a
junk!
If you are planning on using a dock/dongle with this, you might want to wait.
Having TONS of issues with USB not working via dock/dongle. Has happened with a
few different brand/models of docks/dongles. Very frustrating and Mac forums/
Apple customer service have been no help so far.
GRAINY UNUSABLE CAMERA. DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP. OR ANY LATEST 2020 MODEL -
APPLE REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE ISSUE. WHAT A DISGRACE FOR A COMPANY LIKE
APPLE CUSTOMER SERVICE TO REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE FLAW.
cant seem to find a case that will fit the bottom of my new m1 macbook air
Update 09/01/21:Still going strong!Unreal has really smoothed out the bugs.
This thing is an absolute beast, beats my old desktop easily.I can run
Photoshop, Unreal, Lots of tabs in safari/firefox, and background processes;
all no issues. Heck, I can even run a game with unreal engine going in the
background. I've rarely noticed slowdowns, and when I have it's always been a
software issue (typically memory leaks).I've abandoned windows... Haven't
loaded it outside of a VM more than a few times this year. Don't hesitate to
get this if you're looking for a new laptop.Update 01/11/21:Well, I had some
issues but I love this thing enough I'm sticking with it.I believe a 3rd party
USB hub killed the logic board and touch ID for it. I had to wait about a month
to go theough the motions, especially with the time of year. Finally got my
replacement back today and I'm really happy.Unreal Engine does not run well
currently. It gets crashes and will freeze the computer. Everything else runs
super smoothly and I never have issues. Really happy with the laptop.Initial
post:Let me start this off by saying I was very skeptical. Lifelong Windows
user, I've only had an iPod touch (2011) and very briefly an iPhone 6 (I
think). I also have pretty demanding needs as far as day to day laptop use
goes.This thing has handled everything I've thrown at it so far. The only
drawback is that my current model only has 8GB RAM, but if you're conscious
about what you have open it's not an issue; even with more intensive programs
like Photoshop or Unreal Engine 4. Neither of which are even optimized for the
platform yet, which as stated in the title, is really impressive.Gaming has
been equally impressive. To be fair, I haven't thrown a next-gen game at it
yet, but I threw games that I thought would be able to max it out. Nope, Civ 6,
Borderlands 1, and Oxygen Not Included all ran at Ultra with FPS staying at
steady 60+ in each game, even in more intensive portions of each game. I'm not
saying it'll be able to play every game at ultra, but it's definitely been able
to handle more than I though it would. It almost seems to be outperforming my
desktop, which has an i7@3.4, and a 970ti. I think it might if I had the extra
GPU core and 16gb ram, which is crazy for a laptop at this price.Overall, it's
worth every penny. I could rant about all the small features that make the OS
amazing as well, but you can find videos of that online/may already be
familiar.
The first one I received got bricked trying to restore after the initial setup
failed.The second one is fine.You can google the issues.Apple support said I'd
need to bring the first one into the apple store for a firmware update to get
it working.Not great for a brand new 1000$ laptop.Anyway the second one came
already updated and everything has been fine so I'm happy now.It's snappy and
has that new macbook smell.
This laptop is very good for students and people wanting to do basic work as
well as people who are going to have this laptop under EXTREME loads. I've ran
heavy games and video editors and its done amazing! it's even beat some of my
other $8,000 MacBooks! It's very light weight ( 2.8 pounds ) and is very thin
but yet durable. It doesn't feel cheap like some laptops at this price point,
It feels very premium with the metal body and soft keys and the retina display.
The track pad is VERY large for the size of this laptop. I also love how it's
fan-less so it never makes any noise which is another reason why it's good for
students. ( video calls, etc. ) My one and only complaint is the camera
quality. It looks nice if you have good lighting but if you're in bad lighting
it looks like a potato filming. But if you can get passed that it's great. I
also love how the keyboard is backlit, it helps a lot if you're in a dark
environment. The screen is also very good, it's nice and bright and has amazing
colors which is very good for photo editing! The package even came several days
early and shipped very fast! Although the costumer service isn't very good.
they didn't answer the questions I messages them about. ( I'll try to answer
some questions I had ) It does come sealed in the original Apple packaging and
it does have the M1 chip. All around I highly recommend this. It's amazing for
the price tag.
I love everything Apple did to update the Air. It’s, by far, the best laptop
you can buy right now. That’s especially true if you were a Mac user before. I
wasn’t, so I had to learn where everything was and what not, but it didn’t take
to long.The battery life is PHENOMENAL and I have had 0 issues with the
thermals. When Apple said it would cool passively, they weren’t lying. I’ve had
8-9 programs running simultaneously and it was obviously warmer, but nothing
compared to any other laptop I’ve used. The fact that it’s dead silent when
running is a nice perk as well.I like how they kept a lot of the tried and true
design on the outside because I don’t think many people saw anything wrong with
it to begin with.The screen has amazing clarity and, in true Apple fashion, all
of my Apple devices connect seamlessly.Absolutely the best laptop one can buy
right now.
This is a great desktop. I have it paired with a Dell hi res display I
purchased with my old Mac. My old Mac was getting unreliable (2015). This air
is very similar to the Mac but faster, reliable. I like the larger touch pad
and don't have to use a wireless mouse. I have a USB type C HUB to get more
connectivity. Keyboard is great.
I decided to treat myself this year to this. Ordered it on the Apple website
and was told 1-2 weeks. I ordered it on Amazon and it was here in 2 days for
the same price! Love this! As for the product ... you can not go wrong with
Apple. I was a little shook by the price but its worth every penny.
Works like an Apple should
works great
I love it
Long battery life. Fast performance.
great mac for everyday use
Very good seal pack
IntroAs a college student, having a reliable and portable workstation is
extremely valuable. The New MacBook Air powered by the M1 chip is one of the
most exciting devices recently released by Apple. Although it looks just like
the previous models, the M1 chip delivers insanely great performance.Design and
buildSince its inception, Macbook Air’s design and build were one of its core
selling points, and the Macbook Air M1 is no exception. It has that Signature
Aluminium body that you’ll see with the other Macbook Variants. The laptop not
only looks premium but it definitely feels like your money’s worth. You can
easily open this laptop with only one finger, this is possible because of the
incredibly engineered hinge design done by apple. One of the things that the
original Macbook air lacked for a while was a decent display, gone are the days
of a 720p panel. And brought is a beautiful P3 Wide color gamut 2560*1440p
panel, The overall viewing experience is awesome! The bezels are the same size
as last year's model, which was kinda disappointing when compared to other
laptops recently released, but it's not something that will ruin the overall
viewing experience. The updated magic keyboard has better travel and also the
gigantic mouse pad is always a blessing, I’m yet to find a trackpad on a laptop
that I like better than the ones made by apple. The dual speaker grills on this
laptop produce pretty decent sound, however, there is some slight distortion at
high volumes.StorageStorage is also very important as a college student. As
you're going to need some space to store all your documents, files, and Zoom
Lectures. The MacBook Air comes with up to 2TB of SSD storage. This specific
model I have only had 128GB of storage which honestly should be fine for most
students, and if you don’t want to spend a lot of money you can always buy an
external SSD or hard drive. This will cost you way less than what Apple
offers.PortabilityAs a College student in 2021, because of Covid, it's been
kinda different, (Very small pause)all of our classes nowadays are held on zoom
or some other online platform. So if you wanna use this laptop outside of a
typical campus setting, then portability starts to matter. The MacBook Air
weighs in at 2.75 pounds and is 15.6mm thick. This laptop will easily fit in
most backups without feeling a noticeable weight difference. This is important
to a lot of students, especially if you have back-to-back classes keeping in
mind the average textbook weighs just over 4.6 pounds. This Laptop also easily
fits in most handbags for women who were wondering.Reliability and BatteryThe
Apple MacBook Air has proven itself as one of the most reliable laptops for a
student this past decade. The Macbook Air is going to be a more compelling
laptop for the students this, because of its insanely reliable performance for
its price, but let's talk about the chip that’s made all this possible.The
biggest change this year is no doubt the M1 chip, the ARM-based chip is fast,
like stupid fast. Applications open up real quick and the performance is
consistently reliable. Not only can it easily fly through day-to-day tasks like
browsing the internet and typing research papers, but it can also handle
intensive tasks such as 4K video editing, in fact, I managed to edit an entire
4K video on the M1 MacBook air and the performance & exporting times were very
impressive. Anyway, that was sometimes impossible on the previous-gens of
Macbook air. Now if you are considering this device for video editing then I
would highly recommend the 16 Gig variant.The next best thing aside from its
insane performance is the incredible battery life, I think this is the best
battery life I have ever seen on a laptop of this form factor. The laptop
lasted me multiple days of light usage with the usual workload being typing,
browsing, and streaming content. I can pull a full day of heavy usage with
tasks like editing photos and videos.ConclusionOverall there’s a quote that
says, “Speed is irrelevant if you are going in the wrong direction”. (Mahatma
Gandhi). The Macbook Air M1 has set a new benchmark for consistent performance
and delivers insanely awesome battery life which makes the overall experience
pretty fire. Its Portability, reliability, and speed not only make this a great
investment for a student but also for anybody who’s always on the go, and I’m
personally really excited for the direction that Apple is heading towards with
their new M lineup of processers.
Great quality and price. Beautiful screen, easy to use
No problems with the mac air. Easy to transition from my old 2104 MacBook Pro.
I also bought an external HD which was cheaper than upgrading from old 256 to
512. My warning is about Office 2019. There was stuff on the web that 2016
would not work, needed 64bit, but while there seemed to be workarounds, I just
upgraded and bought 2019. There is a scam site posing as Microsoft Office/setup
that looks legit once on it, but you get an error message and phone number to
resolve. After half an hour he explains that it is the firewall and can fix it
by downloading one costing only hundreds of dollars. The url isn't Microsoft
but rest looks like it. While I didn't fall for it, it is preying on the few
who might. So thought I would mention it. The mac is good and worth upgrading
especially if, as with mine, hardware faults are developing in old one.
I JUST GOT IT TODAY I MADE THE RIGHT DECISION ORDERING IT HERE. I HAVE NO ISSUE
BOUT IT AT ALL I GAVE IT 4 STARS BECAUSE THERE IS A TINY DENT NOT A BIG DEAL.
i love it! i’ve had it for about 2 weeks now and it’s the best laptop i’ve ever
owned. i do play games on it (mainly sims) and it doesn’t lag or mess up which
i’m happy with. great buy and i’m happy i bought it!
Purchased for my daughter in college and she loves it. She used one before and
knew exactly what she wanted for a college digital graphing classes
It was very nice 😍 good price I got it on Christmas and Amazon dealAwesome
sauce
this is my first mac although I have had my iphone for a couple years. This mac
was a piece of cake to set up.love it
I really liked this laptop - it has all I needed! Really appreciate the really
good packaging and on-time arrival. It is also working very fast.
I use this for college and it is great! It was really difficult to learn how to
use. It is so different from an IPhone. But it loads quick and is beautiful. It
picks up finger prints more than your phone does and you can really see them
too so make sure to wash your screen but besides that it is amazing! Especially
for the price I got it for of $850!
This is a phenomenal laptop and not just at its price point. The M1 chip is
snappy and fast, the battery life is amazing and the screen quality is
excellent. All of that is bundled in a thin, light and quiet (fan-less) form
factor. I’d highly recommend this MacBook Air unless you want to run high
intensity games (they just aren’t native to Mac OS and won’t run as well as
they will on Windows).
I'm new to the Mac world, at least since the early days in the 80s. So far it
has been a pleasant experience and I like the stock software and layout. I
haven't really had to purchase any additional apps to be able to do the things
that I've become accustomed to on PCs, so there is a nice learning curve. I do
have a couple of constructive criticisms, that are not specific to the MacBook
Air, though. In the future, I'd like to see touchscreens included on their
laptop models (being a former teacher of persons with autism, they really
benefit from the additional input method). Also, the Retina display is awesome,
but maybe in some of their higher priced laptops like the MacBook Pro they can
start using OLEDs as model upgrades. Other than that I'm a fully satisfied Mac
devotee now (though I still love my PCs)!
Arrived quickly packed in harder-than-normal, fitted cardboard box...that was
inside another box containing a coat we ordered. (Excellent packing). Waited to
unpack it until new cover/screen & keyboard protectors arrived. This is the
first Mac I have bought online and the migration looked easy. But it hasn't
worked. I've taken down(and since put back up) the firewalls on both new and
old laptops, as advised, but it never did migrate. But signing into everything
Apple was easy and I LOVE having finger ID...I'm also looking forward to better
battery life and appreciate a slightly larger screen. Great discount. Husband
gave me a new iPad in September and I'm anxious to see how I can use that as a
secondary screen with MacBook Air.
Love it. I wish they would upgrade the damn cameras but it does the job. I’m
not using it to take photos. But as far meetings go it would be nice. I didn’t
realize I was running like 6 different programs. This thing performs without
any slow down. I learn something new about it everyday. I love that my phone,
my watch and my laptop all talk to each other. So no matter where I write it is
saved to the iCloud. Happy with my purchase. Got the headphones and Magic Mouse
too. No complaints here.
It’s just overpriced for what it is. An equivalent windows computer is $400
cheaper with the same specs and functionality.
I have purchased at amazon many times, I am satisfied with all products, about
this macbbok air m1 works very well and the price is very good, I think I
should hurry to own it, this can also be a gift.
Does what is promised and more. Great laptop
I’ve read amazing things about Apple’s new chips but I was still blown away by
how well everything worked. Zero fan noise (possibly zero fan, period), can
play all the games I care about (Factorio/FTL/Rimworld/LoL/FFXIV), and
everything is snappy as hell. I even bought a Windows Laptop for the same price
to compare it to and there was no contest. Even at $1000 the windows laptop
constantly felt cheap, loud, and underpowered. Needless to say I returned the
Windows Laptop and have been enjoying the MacBook Air ever since.
Coming from a long history of Windows computers, this is by far the best laptop
I have ever owned for home use. The price could not be beaten at $850 at the
time, and I couldn't be happier.
It's just amazing !! this one with the m1 chip is a game changing , but i
highly recommend to get the extra storage and the 16 gb ram i mean am not
saying that the 8 gb ram won't work but i highly recommend to get the 16 gb ram
if you're looking to run multiple tasks on this MacBook or playing games from
steam .
This is just the update I needed for school and my graphic/marketing job.
Lightweight and perfect to travel with.
Thank you
an excellent option, for work, have some problem with docker!! (for developers
guys) the rest all very well, the screen, and the sound, and options are good,
we only recommend a base for MacBook, for some heat in the down of the laptop,
but I think is because don't have Forced ventilation for the Processor.
I wood buy it again. I’ve been a PC owner all my life and thus is my first Mac.
I think I will stick with it.
I am very pleased to have my new iPad.Great to have!!
Good buy
I love my computer
Performance is extraordinary. My first Mac Book and I am absolutely in love.
Great product for what's it's purpose.
Replaced a previous MacBook Air with the new version. Same sleek design,
upgraded performance. The computer is quick and easy to use. Plus it is lighter
than the 2011 version I replaced.
Report abuse
I love this MacBook...beening using it for two months and total worth the price
and effort ❤️
I order the gaming programs and haven't been able to use it not sure why
I expected more speed from it.
Not much to say here that’s different from what’s been said elsewhere. Build
quality on point per usual with Apple. Feels as slick as ever. No problems thus
far about app compatibility with the M1 chip. As with almost all apple
products, you can purchase with your eyes closed.
I am nearly 60 and have never had a Mac. A friend of mine talked me into it,
and I love it. It is not only user friendly but Apple offers ongoing expert
customer support for ANY question or tech issue you have. I am not tech savvy
and these people are miracle workers, able even to straighten me out quickly
every time I call. Love the unit and love customer support both.
The screen and color really looks good, but the removal of USB port made me
have to pay extra money for an adapter 😭
It’s a total beast. Performance, battery all seems amazing.
This is the best laptop I have ever used. I got this product a week ago and
works amazing. Highly flexible, stylish, long battery life, and better screen
quality. I personally highly recommend this product. Thank you Apple products
for making my life easy.
very light, very convenience to carry, work very well for all my laptop use....
This is my first Mac ever. I had to go through a small learning curve to get
used to the OS and the keyboard layout and shortcuts. But now I am so happy
with the purchase.Really good screen, trackpad and keyboard. Amazing battery
life. So compact and light. The only thing that I miss from my previous laptop
is a touchscreen.I would without any hesitation recommend this for anyone
looking for a handy and powerful laptop.
Love it
First let's start with the overall look of the MacBook Air, it's thin, sleek
and super light. I got the gold color one and it took me a while to decide
between the silver & gold. But after receiving my gold Mac, I'm so happy I went
with it. The color looks so much BETTER in person, it seems to have more of a
rose gold color in person but if you take a picture of it, it looks gold.I use
my Mac for some web searching, emails ( when I do so the battery does good) and
if I'm doing some photo editing and downloads it dies faster. I spent all day
on it and it does not get hot, so that's a plus. I don't feel like I have to
give it a break.I got the standard memory and just got a hard drive to upload
my photos on there ( if needed)Now the camera! it's terrible LOL but that
doesn't bother me much because I won't be using or doing any zoom calls. But i
wish apple would make it better since it's not a cheap lap top.I also came from
not having a lap top, So far is perfect for me and what I use it for. I love
that apple connects everything for you and it makes it that much easier to see
emails, txt , calendar etc......I also love the vibrant color and sharpest of
the screen.
Pros: Battery life : 5 stars, this machine last all day and I don't even know
howScreen: 2560x1600 in a 13 inch screen is remarkableLook: It's apple so I got
nothing to complainSound: You can hear this from your bathroom with curtain and
door closedHEAT: DOES NOT HAVE ANY FAN SOUND AND HEAT PROBLEM AT ALL. THIS
THING IS QUIET !!!Keyboard: No more butterfly keyboard!Cons: Apple got the same
deal for student but they attach FREE airpod so sadly I have to return this to
amazon so I can that dealSmuge spot due to fingerprint or sweat on keyboard is
unavoidable and very annoying to look at but I guess it is what it is.All in
all, I highly recommend this to any college student especially comp sci major
to buy this. I was always a window users except for my Iphone and I also have a
fair share of laptop from gaming to everyday but this M1 laptop right here beat
everything else at this price point.
Excelente MacBook
No more waiting for updating.
Love my new laptop. I use it every day for work and it’s great!! Zero
complaints.
I needed to upgrade my old desk top computer and synch it with my iPhone.
Perfection. Everything about Apple is the best and this MacBook Air is
delightful. There is so much more I can do and I can see the possibilities are
endless.
Really like this laptop bought this as a gift for my wife to do her Masters and
she loves it, very easy to use, super fast, screen quality is exceptional,
Keyboard feels lovely and very affordable the M1 chip really made a difference
only one thing if you can afford it try to bump up to the 512GB will worth it.
So happy with my purchase. Love my new MacBook Air
It's a good computer by all standards. It's pricey but you get what you pay
for. Great screen and its fast. Just wish....like all electronics, that the
battery lasted longer.
My daughter is a budding photographer and got this computer to edit her photos
and for college. She loves everything about it, it fits her needs perfectly.
This thing is beautiful! I love it! My first MacBook 😍😍!!! BUY IT
Love my M1 laptop
Very solid laptop for its price,very satisfied with my purchase,ships and
delivered the same day as well.
Just a heads up- the item is rose gold, not gold. I'm actually happy that it's
rose versus yellow gold.
I purchased it to parallel windows, however it will not!Very disappointed
This is my first Apple laptop and I LOVE IT. It is so quick and easy to use.
There is a learning curve but luckily I have my kids.
This is the first time I have used a Mac product for an extended period of
time. I have owned it for a couple months now and must admit I am very happy
with how well it performs. My apprehension at buying a Mac product was in
getting used to the OS, as it is considerably different from Windows. However
it did not take long for me to get used to macOS, it was easy to learn and use,
with much better organization than Windows.
My wife loves this little laptop and it compliments the features of her iPhone.
Love it
Like how lightweight this laptop is. Also, it is swift, In my opinion. The only
thing I miss is a touch screen. Coming from a Lenovo to mac, it did take some
getting used to, but I love it so far. I would recommend it.
it’s thin not too heavy a nice sleek look is the perfect laptop for school,
really fast and overall great quality. my only complaint is the camera terrible
quality but i don’t really use the camera overall a 9/10 connects to iphone and
u can see ur messages
After years of using nothing but PC laptops, the M1 chip compelled me to try
Macs. And let me tell you, the hype is justified. The new silicon MacBooks are
simply incredible. The ARM-based silicon chip is so amazing that I was able to
forgive the laptop for its downsides, which are the 720p webcam, lack of SD
card slot, and not being able to upgrade RAM or SSD. Despite these drawbacks,
the battery life is insane and the machine is completely silent because no fan
is needed since the laptop is so heat-efficient. You're also getting a powerful
laptop that outperforms the vast majority of Windows laptops in the market. To
top it off, you get a touchpad that puts other laptops to shame, a beautiful
aluminum design, and build quality that will last. Well done Apple.
I’ve wanted a MacBook for the longest time, and Amazon surprised me having the
cheapest option for buying this one! So I finally took the plunge. I’m
upgrading from a very tired HP. Never having experience with MacBook before,
I’m in love with it. It’s awesome how much you can personalize this little
laptop. Lighting fast, too. Getting to know the touch pad and all the little
features is mind boggling in the best way.
Like how lightweight this laptop is. Also, it is swift, In my opinion. The only
thing I miss is a touch screen. Coming from a Lenovo to mac, it did take some
getting used to, but I love it so far. I would recommend it.
Amazing and shipped fast!!!
I love the battery life. It lasts so long that I charge it sparingly. I love
the instant on feature when I lift the lid. I am impressed with the biometric
scanner that allows me to log in without my password. The MacBook Air allows me
to log in with my Apple Watch as well. The speed is fantastic. I am thoroughly
impressed. I have an M1 Mac mini as well. I am hooked.
This laptop si so light and powerful, hard to believe is something like this on
the market. With fan free technology you have no noise as well nothing hot
anymore under your keyboard.My daughter loves it. Battery is very good si
lasting more than 8 hours. She is using it daily at HS and at home. This is a
great laptop for the price.
so beautiful made. fast delivery. It is like a new toy for me.
Item description is exactly what I got!!! Love, love,love!!!♥️ Super fast
shipping and super happy with everything so far!!!!
Works amazingly. :) No complaints from me!
It's a Macbook. Slick design lightweight. Never had any issues with any of my
Macbooks. The M1 chip is nice.
Apple products never let me disappointed
I was worried about the compatibility of the M1 processor but by now i can tell
that at the moment all My stuff is running flawless on this Mac: all Office
programs, FTP clients, compressors, vpn software, database clients, etc. Even
games like CS in Steam.
The laptop is so lightweight and has a great display!
I use this to teach online. Overall extremely satisfied. Fast, reliable and
looks nice. The only two things I’m not crazy about are A) the camera isn’t
really HD and B) I ordered gold and it looks more like a rose gold color.
Love the size
Purchased for college
Battery life is great
Great 👍🏻
Granddaughter is using for school.
Zoom calls perfect and beautiful. Video quality is excellent. Performance is
amazing. Running Parallels and Windows 11 preview. Screen looks beautiful.
Movies look amazing. Audio is loud and sounds spacial. Battery lasts easily all
day and sometimes two days.Blows away my 2015 MacBook Air. Blows away my 2016
MacBook Pro. Don't miss the Touch Bar.Ports are enough. But wish there was one
on each side.As perfect a laptop I have owned.And this M1 MacBook air run
Windows 11! I use Parallels and Windows runs super fast and looks amazing. No
impacts to battery life. I saw some reviewers say it won’t run Windows and this
is not true.
First time Macbook owner. Really happy with the MacBook Air. Don't let the lack
of a fan be off-putting. The only time it gets even remotely warm is when
rendering a video in iMovie. Even then, it's by no means hot to the touch. This
is probably the most fail proof laptop out right now and dare I say, ever. The
lack of a fan eliminates the last mechanical part and means this laptop have no
moving parts. The soldered in m.2 storage and committing to your RAM choice for
the life of the laptop is my only complaint. So far I'm not finding 8gb of RAM
to be an issue. Most of the programs for Mac OS are pretty well optimized for
the M1 chip. So Everything feels to work pretty smoothly. The battery life is
next level. Over all it's more powerful, cooler and the battery lasts longer
than ever. If you have been wanting to get your first MacBook or have been
batting around the idea of an upgrade. This would not be a bad choice.
This is the bargain deal of the Apple lineup at the moment. The M1 chip gives
it crazy power management which equates to ridiculously long battery life,
incredibly low temperature operation which needs no fan so also absolute
silence. All this while running circles around the competitors offerings which
don’t stand a chance of keeping up with this incredible product. With their M1
chip Apple has not just revolutionized the capabilities of a laptop but turned
the whole computer industry upside down! And yes it is extremely well made out
of a solid chunk of aluminum, is very light and has a world class screen and a
redesigned keyboard that feels wonderful. Incase you couldn’t tell I like and
recommend this laptop!
Graphic designer. Great laptop.
beautiful.
I was really hesitant on making this big purchase through amazon, but this
store came through. My laptop came in great condition with no marks or damage
done during packaging and shipping. It came in the right color and everything.
It works like a charm.
I bought my first Mac in 1986 and my first 100 shares of Apple in 1992. No one
could have dreamed what Apple was to become. And I never believed that I'd get
a job working for Apple, and add to those shares over the next 14 years through
the employee stock ownership program. Every 3 months, I get a dividend that's 4
times what I originally paid for those 100 shares, which have now become 6428
shares through reinvesting those dividends.Which brings me to this review: The
reason Apple is approaching a 3 trillion dollar market cap is because they make
the greatest products in the world, and everyone wants them. And I'm writing
this on the laptop in my review, and it's just an unbelievable value!
replaced the 1st one on day 4 and 2nd one dead after 9 month of very light use.
Fkin apple
It’s simple , clean aesthetically, and really powerful compared to older models
. The m1 chip has really put this laptop on another level. Easy to carry and
can handle simple and even hard tasks .
I love my MacBook!! But it was delivered by a over packed uhaul and left in its
side out side without knocking to let me know it was there,?to sign for it, not
any safeguards in place. I am grateful for the thoughtful packing on your part
because it was shipped in an oversized box and no extra packing, it moved
freely within the box.
I was looking to upgrade from my current dual core intel i7 Windows laptop and
tablet. The 2020 MacBook Air M1 screen is sharp, the M1 processor performance
is similar to intel i7 quad core for most uses . This laptop is fan-less and
gets very warm/hot only when constantly exporting very large 5Gb+ files -
otherwise it runs cool to cold. I edit photos on this laptop and my editing
software opens much faster and the edits occur very quickly. The 8Gb ram/256 Gb
ssd combo in this laptop is fast and responsive. The Mac OS memory management
allows 8Gb to be more than enough for my projects. The M1 cpu performance and
battery life for the MacBook Air M1 easily exceed those of my dual core i7
Windows laptop and tablet. My photo editing software runs faster and is more
responsive than on my Windows devices. Also, the MacBook Air M1 performance
seems the same whether on battery or ac power unlike my Windows devices. This
laptop is a fantastic entry-level device but hard core gamers and video
creators should upgrade to the Pro models for the larger/more vibrant screen,
richer audio, cooling fans, additional usb-c ports, sd card slot, dual monitor
capability, and more ram/ssd options. I purchased this used base model used at
a substantial savings over the list price which made it a fantastic value. I
would suggest most users get the 512Gb or larger internal ssd so you won't need
an external ssd for video/music storage. I currently use external ssd drives to
store my large files so the small 256Gb ssd size in the base model was not an
issue. The only possible drawbacks for the MacBook Air are there are only 2
usb-c data/charging ports so you may need to purchase a dock if you need
multiple connection options, (or use older usb accessories), there is no sd
card slot, and software apps are still being updated for the M1 cpu. I run
Microsoft Office 365 on my MacBook Air. I notice that Office 365 takes a second
or two longer to load but once loaded Office 365 runs as fast as it does on
Windows. I don't use this laptop for gaming, video editing, or to connect
multiple monitors so I can't comment on those uses. I was not expecting this
level of performance from an entry-level device. Don't get caught up in the
hype that this base model can replace the MacBook Pro models for heavy work
loads or professional use - it doesn't have the heat distribution (fans) to
dissipate the heat to prevent thermal throttling under heavy computing or
gaming. For most users, just use and enjoy your 2020 MacBook Air M1!!
What you would expect from Apple
Love love love this MacBook just as described I order two of them one for me
and my grand baby apple is all I know....thank you so much
I play the sims all the time on it now. I can also get my work and homework
done. This is a great laptop. It costly but it's worth the money.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
Been wanting a MacBook for a decade-I love this one! I thought rose gold was
discontinued in this model, but mine was rose gold -Love it!
I like it
Perfect as expected.
What a beast
I bought this laptop in December 2020. I was actually debating myself between
this one or a similar Windows computer, I almost went for the Windows because
the processor of the MacBook Air 2019 wasn't good enough (intel core i3), but I
decided to wait and two weeks later this one was launched. It's way superior
than any intel core processor, I just love it. I have been using it for almost
two years now and it's as good as new. The other features are just what you
expect them to be: super light, portable, hi-res screen. Would buy again.
If this Mac lasts as long as my old MacBook Pro (15) years, I’ll be one happy
camper!I love the slimness and the gold color. ❤️
takes a bit getting use to but it's ok I guess
My first day. I’ve used MacBooks since 2006 when the first Intel processors
were used. The M1 chip is amazing. I now understand why 8 Gb of RAM is perfect
for this model. Crystal clear text rendering. Silky-smooth touch pad. Nice
tactile response on keyboard— big improvement over the troublesome keyboards of
the last 7 years. Speakers are lovely. Very pleased. Battery fully charged. Was
able to easily migrate from my old 2016 MacBook Retina 12. Easy to connect with
iCloud and Mac account. A couple of my non-Apple apps required Rosetta to run
with M1 processor—smooth download of Rosetta. Anyone needing a high end camera
might go for the MacBook Pro but this is fine for my needs.
Liked: battery life is really efficient, screen quality is also great.Disliked:
some applications aren’t compatible
I purchased this as I see this was the almost 'perfect laptop' for everyday
task and its a big yes!Its all about the new M1 chip that speeds up and gives a
great battery life. Performance is so good that I recommend this.
An apple product that doesn't break the bank but performs well. Got this gift
for the girlfriend and she absolutely loves it. Screen is amazing with vivid
colors. The battery life is pretty closed to advertised, lasts the whole day
without fail. It also runs adobe programs pretty smoothly so that's a plus for
working professionals. Would recommend to anyone needing a portable travel
buddy that can put out work too
Fast, reliable, and great!
The device is silent because it has no fans, the screen isn't Oled but it looks
incredible for watching movies with vibrant colors and is very sharp making it
great for text documents with small fonts. The battery life is incredibly good
I can constantly get over a day with moderate to high use and yet somehow still
manages to be an incredibly light device. It has a good dac and plenty of
volume making it a good choice for audio lovers, especially if you use open
backs since it makes no noise, and if you don't use headphones the speakers can
get very loud and sound really good for a laptop. It runs mac OS which can be
hard to adapt too but it is alot less power intensive than windows so you
rarely have to worry about overheating or battery in daily use. If you are a
professional video or photo editor or run intensive task look towards a pro
computer and for everyone else this is a great choice.
loved the fast shipping and excellent price, I surprised my boyfriend with this
computer and he was ecstatic, super cool!!
I chose to purchase this on Amazon since I have credit they them, it’s makes
the monthly payments quite doable! Quite happy !
I needed a fast little laptop, something light, that could work with my Cricut
machine, watch streaming shows, research for my book, write my book, play some
games on, and not take 20 minutes to load. This does all that, and apparently
it has a touch screen! I didn't rate it because I haven't used it! That aside,
it's fast, boots right up, runs my Cricut through Bluetooth, is small and
light, and I love it! The only thing is that so much still comes with a regular
USB plug and I just had to buy an adapter to go from reg USB to a USB C.
Anyway, love it!
I needed a fast little laptop, something light, that could work with my Cricut
machine, watch streaming shows, research for my book, write my book, play some
games on, and not take 20 minutes to load. This does all that, and apparently
it has a touch screen! I didn't rate it because I haven't used it! That aside,
it's fast, boots right up, runs my Cricut through Bluetooth, is small and
light, and I love it! The only thing is that so much still comes with a regular
USB plug and I just had to buy an adapter to go from reg USB to a USB C.
Anyway, love it!
As a long time windows user. I used to not really want an apple laptop at all.
As I suppose apple item were so interior and always so heavy compared to
premium line windows machine. However, I will admit in USA, apple give you the
best choice all around. It is just lovely, indeed, it is about 50% heavier than
the old I gave to my girl friend one year ago. But most others are just
admirable. I list four points here.1. The BEST touchpad. Support all gestures,
most rookies have no idea how to use quick way but they know we'll about
touchpad, it is far more intuitive and easier to learn. And it is smooth and
nice to touch. Big enough to put the whole palm upon it.2. Cheap. It only costs
me $949 and I will say it is just a bargain. It cost about 1/3 compared to the
Fujitsu laptop of mine or about the half price I got for her last year. Almost
all premium windows machine on the same class cost more than Mac. (Even if we
consider MBP14in, it is still way cheaper than those Nippon machines) and not a
dime less than those laptops. Besides, apple have the best residual value after
18month usage. You can get more than 60% in an used market.3. Super super
marvelous battery life. I thought 50Wh not a big deal but it actually outlast
my 73Wh Panasonic CFSV1, which cost more than 4times of this machine and
provide even more juice than the Intel core. Lol.4. It is very good to use with
other apple items. As I basically buy a bunch of apple items for my girlfriend
as she need some good items to help with life but google cannot provided.
Therefore, I took a look on apple. Airpod pro connect to ipad pro, sharing same
song. Switch player to Mac or switch back to ipad, iphone. All so smooth. One
apple item is good, a bunch of apple is affordable and stunning (As a long time
Sonyer, I envy apple fans as I can never afford a whole SONY system,
facepalm)Only one two drawbacks.1. The screen quality is not a top notch any
more, it is a good panel in less than $1000 but it is not belong to the premium
line.2. The weight is really over exaggerated. 1296grams really too heavy these
days.All in all, just buy it for good once Amazon restock it. Actually I bought
another one for myself as I want to try apple once, maybe I will switch to
apple also as it saves tons of money.I highly recommend it.
I've owned my fair share of laptops and let me tell you.. Nothing even comes
close to this. Spectacular battery life, incredible display, tactile keyboard
and haptic track pad with all its' gestures and features which makes
multitasking a wonderful experience. to top it all off, Big Sur (os) wraps it
all up and makes your workflow the greatest pleasure. Only thing I would change
is the camera. It is decent in a well lit environment but struggles in the
dark. Putting a bigger sensor is a hardware limitation and I understand that.
Having a display this thin comes with its' sacrifices. If I could give this
laptop 10 stars I would. Don't hesitate on purchasing it, you won't regret it.
I don't get the hype about M1 chip. Half of my programs aren't compatible with
it and some aren't updated anymore so there is a little hope for a fix. The
camera is horrible as well, picture quality is worse then what my 3 years old
smartphone produces
It delivered in perfect condition after shipping a long way. I fell in love
immediately. The keyboard is easy to navigate, the screen size is perfect. It
is very light and perfect for my needs
This is one of the best purchases I have ever made. I truly love it, and
believe it is the best air ever made. No plans to upgrade anytime Sumer. Truly
revolutionary in the laptop genre. Cheers Apple!
excellent
My daughter loves it
I’ve always wanted a MacBook, no complaints here, it’s dope.
Translated from Spanish by Amazon
This has everything I could possibly want in a laptop and more! I love being
able to use my fingerprint to access my laptop! It is thin and light for easy
portability as well! Definitely recommend!
awesome product, hope it can lasts long.
I purchased this at the beginning of March, and for the past month, I have
found out that this has been really efficient for me. I have been able to use
this laptop for multiple school purposes and even stream movies and tv shows
which has been really nice for me. The battery efficiency is also really nice I
must add.
Bought it on sale. Works well. Did not need the pro version. Price should fall
closer to the release date of newer model.
This is what I'd hoped for w/ the MacBook. Great typing, fast and super media
performance. A perfect stay at home compliment to my Pixelbook Go.
Such a beautiful laptop! It’s an adjustment going from an Hp to a Mac, but I am
loving it!
It’s an M1 chipped MacBook Air, has the previous version and this is the best
one so far battery lasts a long time, even with hours of straight use, does not
get hot while charging and no fans to hear !! Yippee.
Have been needing a new computer for months. researched this Apple MacBook Air.
Read many positive reviews. Was delivered two days ago and am very happy with
my purchase!
I've had a variety of Apple equipment in my life-- but also Microsoft Surface,
Surface Laptops, Chromebooks, and more. I'm an open minded technology user and
tend to go with best of breed or technology that pushes the envelope of what is
possible. I like well designed hardware that looks and feels good, and works
well.I bought this one open box, that shouldn't matter at all, and it doesn't.
It arrived from Amazon Warehouse Deals as "like new" condition with "like new
box" and the unit had no scratches/scrapes on it and was missing 3 months of
warranty-- I'm happy to have the remainder.The latest Macbook I had was the 12"
Macbook from several years back. It was quite nice but was too small for me.
This one has continued to improve on the screen, battery life and CERTAINLY has
improved on the performance front.The unit is thin, svelte, and HEAVY. I mean,
it could be a solid block of metal and I would expect the same heft. It's
solid. This is not a bad thing for a device that is this thin & small to add
some durability to what could otherwise be a very delicate device.The keyboard
is very solid with a nice clickety-click, I am not able to tell a difference
from this keyboard to the generations that were rather "controversial" and I
very much do appreciate the touch ID in the power button.Having two USB-C ports
is very welcomed compared to my previous which had only one.When looking at the
performance of the M1 chip and all previous models, especially the 12" Macbook,
and comparing to the prices those still sell for, it was a no brainer to go
with this model. Even compared to the Macbook Pro M1, there is a very slight
difference between the two and for a rather light user the cost here was really
an incredible value.I love Windows for some things. I have Windows running on
this unit as well with Parallels-- easy and simple-- do note you will need to
download ARM Windows 10 media for this unit-- I was not able to find a way to
migrate my previous VM from Intel based. It runs very well here and with no
issues. Very fast.One thing that didn't work great for me-- maybe it's me-
- maybe it's Mac OS-- was plugging it in to a USB-C dock. I have a standard
setup at home with 3 monitors, USB based external bose speakers, keyboard,
mouse, and typically as I cycle through Chromebooks and Windows devices, I'm
able to plug in and fairly easily extend / activate those monitors, use the
peripherals and printer/etc. In this case I haven't had success getting this
Mac to work with my USB-C based dock and accessories-- to be determined.The
screen is beautiful, the hardware is unbelievably solid, the speed is amazing.
I also have a Surface Laptop that I love, but for the Mac variety, this is my
perfect equivalent.
I've had a variety of Apple equipment in my life-- but also Microsoft Surface,
Surface Laptops, Chromebooks, and more. I'm an open minded technology user and
tend to go with best of breed or technology that pushes the envelope of what is
possible. I like well designed hardware that looks and feels good, and works
well.I bought this one open box, that shouldn't matter at all, and it doesn't.
It arrived from Amazon Warehouse Deals as "like new" condition with "like new
box" and the unit had no scratches/scrapes on it and was missing 3 months of
warranty-- I'm happy to have the remainder.The latest Macbook I had was the 12"
Macbook from several years back. It was quite nice but was too small for me.
This one has continued to improve on the screen, battery life and CERTAINLY has
improved on the performance front.The unit is thin, svelte, and HEAVY. I mean,
it could be a solid block of metal and I would expect the same heft. It's
solid. This is not a bad thing for a device that is this thin & small to add
some durability to what could otherwise be a very delicate device.The keyboard
is very solid with a nice clickety-click, I am not able to tell a difference
from this keyboard to the generations that were rather "controversial" and I
very much do appreciate the touch ID in the power button.Having two USB-C ports
is very welcomed compared to my previous which had only one.When looking at the
performance of the M1 chip and all previous models, especially the 12" Macbook,
and comparing to the prices those still sell for, it was a no brainer to go
with this model. Even compared to the Macbook Pro M1, there is a very slight
difference between the two and for a rather light user the cost here was really
an incredible value.I love Windows for some things. I have Windows running on
this unit as well with Parallels-- easy and simple-- do note you will need to
download ARM Windows 10 media for this unit-- I was not able to find a way to
migrate my previous VM from Intel based. It runs very well here and with no
issues. Very fast.One thing that didn't work great for me-- maybe it's me-
- maybe it's Mac OS-- was plugging it in to a USB-C dock. I have a standard
setup at home with 3 monitors, USB based external bose speakers, keyboard,
mouse, and typically as I cycle through Chromebooks and Windows devices, I'm
able to plug in and fairly easily extend / activate those monitors, use the
peripherals and printer/etc. In this case I haven't had success getting this
Mac to work with my USB-C based dock and accessories-- to be determined.The
screen is beautiful, the hardware is unbelievably solid, the speed is amazing.
I also have a Surface Laptop that I love, but for the Mac variety, this is my
perfect equivalent.
I needed a new laptop quickly after I accidentally drowned my previous MacBook
Air (reached for a bottle of water without taking my eyes off the screen,
didn't realize the bottle was uncapped, and...sploosh! One waterlogged
keyboard, plus one soaked and angry cat who'd been napping peacefully beside me
on the couch.) Ordered this one quickly on someone else's computer and it
arrived the next day. I'm no computer genius and am way older than the
generation that grew up with assorted devices in their hands from babyhood, so
there are still a lot of things I haven't figured out how to do. But I quickly
(for me) got the new one filling my basic needs, and am working on what else it
can do.Not a very useful review for those who want technical details, sorry!
More of a reassurance that if you need a laptop that is user-friendly when
you're not a knowledgeable user, this one will do the job nicely.
Translated from Portuguese by Amazon
I recently bought a MacBook Air after my 2011 iMac had to be retired. I saw
reviews about the new M1 processer in the new mac line up so out of curiosity I
had to try it out for myself and I have been a fan of Arm processors for many
years. It has exceeded my expectations and then some when it comes to
programming, audio, some gaming and everyday computing. This is an excellent
machine and the craftsmanship that went into it and its overall design is
second to none. This the fastest mac I have owned. I have been an apple user
since 1984. It deserves an extra star. TY Amazon.
What can I say, it's a Mac, and our SEO copywriting team wanted it...so now
everyone has one. I'm a Surface Book fan but have to say that this is a solid
machine, easy to use and fast - perfect when buying in bulk for your team
members, it helps improve employee experience.Now..it is definitely overpriced
for what you get tech-wise because of the Apple hype, the correct price point
for it should be about $200 less than what it is. Then again, when you look at
that rose gold color and the apple logo - it's all sunshine and rainbows, and
the world becomes a better place again.
the MacBook is well worth the extra money. Is a lot more compatible with iPhone
then the other makes. like other apple products you don't have to pay for
security like on other makes which offer different security options for a price
per year and most of the time their security is never as good as apple. great
product lots of features 5 stars.
Showed up packaged well, no dents no cracks and was more than i was expecting.
I had a 2010 macbook air before and this just exceeded all my expectations!!
Love it :) Price was even better and arrived in a timely manner!
I love it
By the looks of it, the M1 chip only supports ONE external monitor. if you are
planning to use more than one monitor with this machine, please do not. it's
too late for me
After almost 10years with a MacBook Air, I thought it was time to upgrade to
the latest model. I loved the previous one. So far though - not in love.
Although I do find it nice and fast and like the features, there have been
issues with the trackpad right out of the box. A quick look at some forums to
try to resolve the problem indicated that this is a known issue for Apple, so
I'm considering returning it before it becomes a hassle to fix. For the price
of a Mac and the length of time the model has been on the market, I feel like
something right out of the box should work like a dream and I'm not wild about
spending a lot of time on fixes or workarounds. Also, thunderbolt port is great
and all, but since the rest of the world still uses USBs, could they not have
just added one port, to alleviate the need to purchase an adaptor as well?
Disappointed, Apple.
Best battery life
air drop does not work even after two hours with apple tec support.Will not
save log in details even after save log in pop up appears.Tells me there is an
update one day but refuses to download it, then the next day says its up to
date and no updates available.I have been a mac book user for ten years and
would be returning this macbook air if I was at home in Canada. I guess that I
am stuck with it as I am out of country for a while.
the m1 MacBook air is the best bang for the buck no windows laptop will come
close you can photo edit et do video editing on it . super long battery life
and same performance plugged or from the batteries . last around 15h of web
browsing and 7-8 on heavy usage
Just getting the hand of it after windows but all good
This laptop is just WOW. Great for students, and for minecraft when I have a
long break between classes.
so far so good, my first apple laptop was previously a windows only userreally
enjoying my macbook airfastlife changing battery lifei do miss having a usb
port but not the end of the world, just get a bluetooth mousesuper portablelove
the key board
Excellent!!!!!
Package came late and box kinda damage but works i guess
AM HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE
Absolutely love my new MacBook after almost a month of use. It's smooth, sleek
and that M1 chip makes the air a beast 🤗
This new MacBook is fast and reliable. I was having troubles with the new
Windows-based computer I bought, and I need a compact, fast computer to meet
all of my business needs. I'm very happy to be back with a Mac, and this one is
so light and 'Airy' not bulky at all (size and ease of use)! Much better than
the older, clunky MacBook Pro I had in the past!
All good
I bought this machine to watch movies on the go and it's perfect. The Midi
setup lets you connect more than one set of a variety of different headphones,
including, but not limited to Airpods. It's light and has a slim profile. I
picked space grey because I reasoned it would hold up better in the long run
and not reveal scratches. So far, so good. Also, the price was right.
Teams application caused a number of problems like graphics glitches and
performance issues. They're still working out the kinks in the OS for Apple
silicone, but Apple support has been great since I am under warranty. They will
repair as necessary if it is hardware issue.
I like the fact that it's easy to use and long battery life
Bad don't buy,Ihate hackers and apple products
couldn't even load a blank unity project cuz the specs are that bad. I tried
refunding it 10 days ago and still haven't gotten my money back.
I am satisfied with this MacBook Air. I noticed that as MacBooks age, some keys
get disappointingly sticky. This was true with the 2016 MacBook Pro--and I had
to give it away after getting the Air. The typing experience on this MacBook
Air is by far superior, compared to the Pro 2016. It's also way much faster.
Excellent investment as quality product and price.
My Asus Zenbook decided to crash on me in the middle of my finals week. After 5
years with me, the battery died and the charger was not charging the laptop
anymore. I figured the cost to get it fixed would amount close to purchasing a
used Macbook and I needed a computer ASAP. This Macbook Air M1 chip is a dream
and to have purchased it used at a reasonable price was the ultimate cherry on
top! It came within 2-3 days with its original packaging and in excellent
condition with about 80% battery upon arrival. This has been one of the best
last minute purchase I've ever made and I'm beyond happy with it so far!
2 days after receiving the laptop it stopped working - after logging in the
screen was just black. Would not connect to apple server to reinstall, then
when was able to it gave more error messages. Returning it. Appears as though
this laptop was a managed device for a business as all kinds of restrictions in
place.
I got this item Damage display and dent on it
After a week of using this 2020 M1 air I must say the performance exceeds my
expectations compared with the 13" MacBook Pro (2017) home office computer its
replacing. Great value considering the latest MacBook Pros with roughly the
same specs run nearly double (fan included ;)
Won't let me load my music. also, for some reason my I-pad keeps asking for
passwords and user names repeatedly when trying to get music to play. I don't
know if these are related. Other usability problems. Track pad very touchy.
Would only recommend this to someone I disliked. I didn't want a window machine
but I guess I need to get one. Under the hammer for this one.
I like everything about this laptop
MacBook Air M1 as expected, prompt delivery in excellent condition.
could use a larger screen
Excellent investment as quality product and price.
Nice and fast shipping!
just impeccable!!! i love my macbook!
