




tablescraper-selected-row
It is fast and beautiful.
I love the 360 touch screen, the loud speakers, and the feel of the keyboard.
However, the picture on Amazon was incorrect (Item pic shows a keyboard which
includes a10-key pad). Instead of notifying me that the computer is no longer
available, the third party vender sent me (with no explanatory paperwork) a
later model, upgraded computer than the one I ordered (w/o the10-key)! Great
computer, but the extra work, time & energy involved in figuring everything out
was enormous.
I was in desperate need of a new laptop. Right off the top my previous laptop
was slow and it wasn't powerful enough to support an active lifestyle. I
researched a few laptops but with all the recent life changes(all of which I
hope end soon), I had to set a budget. Setting a budget meant that I wanted a
serious laptop but wasn't going to go out of the $1100 price range. Well I
picked this beauty. Right off the top this laptop looks nice; both appearance
and screen view. This model comes with an Intel Core i7, a full HD touchscreen
and a SSD for a very good start up. I like the overall look and feel of this
laptop. It is a 2 In 1 but I will keep it in laptop mode as opposed to the
other configurations. Its too early to do a full blown review but I am
satisfied with my purchase and I do feel it will be good in being future ready.
Edit 11-10-2020: after $500 worth of computer repairs part of the problem is HP
decided to put 2 different size RAM cards in it, 2gig and 4gig. When I put MS
suite, Acrobat DC and Trend Micro Security it overloaded it. No heavy use
simple Word docs, PDF, surfing and email. Tech at the shop said that is a bad
setup, it puts an uneven load on the smaller card. Bad setup. But, with an
extra $500 cash it can function like a normal computer (if there is such a
thing anymore). See below original issue. In short these computers sit in
storage and you get them, update them and with Windows massive updates and
crashes this year be prepared for a month of chaos to clean up. Death to
OneDrive as well....Unless you’re a computer nerd! ;) #dumpthebloatGreat
computer but the bloatware and invasion of privacy by MS is horrible. Entry
level computer, plan on taking straight to tech to have it cleaned. Drivers way
outdated and had to spend $200 to get it working smooth. If you’re good with
computers and can clean and update it’s a good buy. But unless you order direct
with it pre-loaded with what you bought it’s a work in progress. One HUGE
thing. Turn off OneDrive Immediately!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It’ll steal your whole
computer all the files and suck it up Into MS cloud. Destroyed my system when I
tried to disable.
Good laptop, gets the job done, wouldnt highly recommend for any heavily cpu/
gpu taxing, fast paced games, but runs other casual less taxing games just
fine. Runs a bit hot; make sure you keep the airflow good around your laptop.
Overall great for work and school! Switches tabs and windows and opens apps
smooth as butter, i havent experienced any slowdown thus far even after
upgrading to windows 11. Would recommend, hp makes some darn good laptops.
Nice purchase, a good upgrade for me. Comes with charger and hp pen + a type c
cord to charge the pen. Fully charge the pen before use.
I’ve had this laptop going on 2 weeks now & I love it so far. I seen it in
person at Best Buy and I researched to find best laptops for college students
and this one came up multiple times. Since Best Buy was sold out for weeks I
was glad to find it on Amazon for $100 cheaper and it also came in 2 days
faster than expected. So far it’s been great for speed , not too heavy & my
favorite part is switching it to tablet mode and being able to touch the screen
in either mode. Very easy set up and beautiful design. The only drawbacks I
have is the battery life is kind of short it’s about 4 hours , may very based
on use (since I watch a lot of streaming services on it) and the internal fan
could be a little quieter but doesn’t last very long. Other than those things
this was well worth the money.
Great laptop with a lot of memory. I've been having problems with the bitlocker
function, camera, and audio. Additionally, the backlight against the silver
keyboard is incredibly challenging for me to use during the daytime, as I have
a hard time seeing light against light.I tried to request a refund and/or
exchange and seller said no.Making the best use of it and still is a great
functional laptop/tablet on the go solution.
Just had it for a couple of days. Everything's flying - fast, fingerprint sign-
in is a huge plus. Touchscreen is responsive to both finger snd styluses,
sensitivity is just right on. Bought HP pen separately - works flawlessly.
Optane memory seems to speed up tremendously the process of handling image and
video files. Fan is very quiet, doesn't seem to overheat. Graphics are good for
a full HD but nothing like on your latest smartphone. The build is solid,
aluminum chassis so no cheap plastic feeling but weighs just a bit more which I
don't mind.Haven't tried to play any games yet but Adobe PS and PPro work with
heavy files without problem
Bought this for our son when he went off to college. He says he’s had no
problems with it whatsoever and is very pleased
The functionality of this laptop has been good. Unfortunately, the battery life
is TERRIBLE. With light use (Microsoft Office, some internet use), I get about
three hours before I have to plug the machine into the charger. If the power is
less than 50% when I put the machine to sleep of an evening, it is fully
drained by morning.
I love this new laptop. It’s lightweight easy to fold to view as a small tv and
the touchscreen feature is great for scrolling and moving around the screen.
It’s nice that it has enough ports for my external devices. I can plug in an
external hard drive, my new iPhone 11 Pro, mouse and thumb drive. With ease.
Touchscreen Just needs to not recognize my palm when I want to draw but I
decided to just draw with my mouse as the Surface Pen I bought gave me jagged
pixelated lines.
Aesthetically, the computer is very pretty. For the most part, it works well.
The touchscreen feature is very responsive and it works relatively
fast.However, often the internet disconnects. What I mean by this is that
although my internet itself works fine and everything else has an internet
connection, the computer will claim that my internet has no connection. It
works if I disconnect and reconnect but having to do that multiple times a day
defeats the fact that I wanted to use this for online classes.Also, the
computer has really loud fans. It seems like it has the tendency to heat from
basic functions and will turn on the fans which are just... loud.If you care
for camera quality, this one does not have great quality. So those zoom
meetings are gonna look kinda fuzzy. Additionally, the speakers aren't super
loud, especially if you turn it to the tablet form because then the speakers
are behind you. I don't use my computer camera a lot or the speakers out loud,
but I thought I should share.The computer itself is fine outside of the
internet issue. If that wasn't an issue, then I would probably like this
computer more.
I looked at MANY many options - for days. I called friends. I called tech
support. I called relatives. I even signed up for Consumer Reports so I could
get the laptop reviews. I spent hours on websites, including HP, Apple,
Microsoft and others. I finally landed on the HP Envy x360 and Amazon offered
the best deal. The laptop has everything I needed and some great surprises. I
am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this laptop.
The product I received had a lot of scratches on the outside. There was no
number pad. The seal on the sleeve appeared to be open.
Great laptop. I would buy again. Oh wait I did buy it again. Love the
fingertouch.
Excellent graphics; convenient everything. Only 2 USB ports; wish it had more.
Still, it's excellent for what it is.I hate Windows 10, but it's that or
Linux.I wanted the tent/touchscreen capability, but find it too limiting for my
use; I doubt I'll use it. Still, it's nice to have.
Purchased this laptop in 10/2020 and today 12/07/2020 I contacted HP support
and they ran testing and discovered my battery needs to be replaced. I keep
hearing this high pitched static noise coming out from under the keyboard. My
laptop is aware of when the ac adapter is plugged in but will not add any
charge. HP support was very helpful in assisting me send it in to be repaired
but to have this issue just after 2 months... idk. I will update once I get the
laptop back. I am a little concerned of the longevity of this product. Had a
Mac I got back in 2013 that still works like a charm but I switched to
Microsoft for school. On a better note, the touchscreen works very well and
this computer has very fast download times. Love the look and feel of this
computer. Who knows, maybe just got a rotten egg.
Report abuse
Very sleek design. Everything is very responsive and both the picture quality
and brightness are excellent. The fan is effective but it's quite loud while
running.
I love everything about this laptop, it touch screen, and i no longer have to
remember my login password because it has finger scanner.
It arrived in good condition and on time. Setting up was easy, voice-assisted.
I am not sure about the battery life yet because I haven't had it long enough.
I have zero complaints on this laptop. I saved about $700 purchasing this
through Amazon vs buying it at best buy. This helps me with all my business
needs. Great quality and great features.
I have bought the laptop last year and i decided to write now a review because
i am very satisficed with price i bought the feature the laptop have and so far
so goodRecommended this product and the communication with seller.
Translate review to English
I ordered this computer for grad school and so far I really like it. The
battery life is great and I’ve enjoyed the 2 in 1 features. I did have to
reorder a second time because the first computer did not have functioning
speakers. The second one arrived and worked perfectly and I received a full
refund for the first one.
I like the touch screen
I have only had this computer a couple months, and I have to say I am sorely
disappointed. Purchased 9/24, and it is now 11/19. My fan has been kicking on
and the computer gets HOT, especially in the top left corner of the keyboard. I
have also had programs crash more than I would expect of a brand new laptop. I
love the computer, just wish this wasn't happening. Now I fear I have to
contact HP and hope for the best on a warranty return.Feature wise, I just wish
it had 3 USB ports.Only does returns for 30 days.
Good performance
I got more than what i paid for. I paid for 16gb optane memory but got 32gb.
The package also arrived a few days before time. Thank you barley8
Great laptop, very fast, nice bright touchscreen display. I’m not a gamer and
don’t do any video editing, but wanted a laptop that is powerful enough to
easily last 5+ years. Works great for office apps, web surfing, watching
videos, playing music, simple picture editing - it is probably overkill for my
needs.
Great upload time, probably best I have ever seen. Great at multi app and
browser functionality, very fast. Thought the camera could be a bit better
considering the price but all in all great purchase!
I’ve had to give this computer to HP twice now within the first year of owning
it. Both times the screen just goes black and the computer won’t turn on. Had
to replace the motherboard
Great laptop. Runs very fast. After rigorous research to find a fast reliable
laptop I’m 100% satisfied with this purchase.
I am excited about getting my new computer! So far it works beautifully.
Pretty fast and cute laptop. Serving good for my PLC programming and subsea
controls systems applications. its really worth the cost.
Love the touch screen responsiveness and battery life is great!
Love this laptop!!! Using it for school and web surfing! Fast, great color,
sleek and beautiful computer overall!
Report abuse
Purchased for son -he says it works great.
I am delighted with the size of the laptop! However, the computer seems to have
a 'lag time' and I often need to wait for it to "catch up" with me when I am
working. We have high speed internet, so that is not the problem. My husband is
an IT administrator and we cannot determine why this is happening.
Pretty fast. Easy to work with since it's a touchscreen .
Very easy to set up and use
After about a year the touch screen stopped working so it couldnt be used as a
tablet when needed.
Little heavy
Love it
I liked it so much.👍
Absolutely fantastic
It’s been a great computer for my child. It does everything she needs.
Excellent product
touchscreen is awesome. super fast startup. great overall.
Best Laptop I've purchased. Fast, solid quality, nothing to complain.
It is exactly what I ordered and works really well and fast.
The only concern i have is battery life. Fully charged battery dropped to 1% in
5 hours. I was just using microsoft office and email.
After use of two weeks the first laptop would not turn on and today the second
laptop will not turn on!! Really! Seems really fishy that both laptops can't
make it a year..... Best advice, don't buy these from this seller!
The keyboard on the HP - Envy x360 2-in-1 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop - Intel
Core i7 - 12GB Memory - 512GB SSD + 32GB was significantly bowed up on the left
side of the laptop. I'm sure that was an indicator of a much bigger problem
with the laptop, so that is way I returned it.
First of all, none of the docking stations I bought worked with this computer,
and the computer won't turn on after a month or so. Does Amazon sell computers
that were returned? I purchased two laptops from Amazon, and each of them broke
within less than a month or so.
It’s horrible and Amazon has not given me the opportunity to return it
The laptop is okay. But because of a bad update combined with HP automatically
enabling bitlocker, all of my files have been lost.
Laptop would not connect to WiFi. Spent 40 minutes with HP technical support.
Nothing worked. HP technical support told to use their advance tech support at
additional cost to me. I return the laptop.
The laptop was amazing to look at however the keyboard didn't work straight out
of the packaging
This computer is incredibly slow. Much slower than the eight-year-old desktop
it replaced. I am very disappointed with this laptop.
Very expensive
I bought this laptop, HP - Envy x360 2-in-1 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop - Intel
Core i7 - 12GB Memory - 512GB SSD + 32GB Op, in July 2020. It immediately had a
problem as it was hot with a very loud squeally fan. I called HP, and called
HP, and called HP finally when I actually got a human and not their idiotic
virtual assistant his only solution was to have me send the laptop back to
their service dept. They quoted about 3 weeks turn around with repair, shipping
etc. I told them this was unacceptable as I use this as my work computer and
could not be with out this essential tool for my business as a self employed
real estate broker. My old computer died and this is all had. Again, after many
calls I finally got to what they called an escalation manager. He claimed he
called me in an email to me but I had no call record of a missed call or a
voice message. I emailed him back to call me but he never called me. Time is
moving on as this is almost the end of august, and I got many hours of phone
calls. I finally get a hold of him and told him I need another laptop
immediately. He said their policy is I have to send in the old one first. I
offer to pay for a new one and they can reimburse once they get my broken one,
but they will not do that. I ask for a loaner and they will not do that.
Finally he offers to order a new fan and heat sink as he thinks that is the
problem and he schedules a technician to install the parts at my house. I agree
to that. But tell him that seems like a very expensive solution they may not
solve the problem but that is all he will do. A box from HP comes in mid
October, almost 2 months after ordering, and a technician comes out to install
it a few days after I receive it., he opens the box and discovers that only the
fan was received, he installs that but the problem is still there. He calls in
and orders the heat sink which I should have received before he arrived. He
leaves, computer not fixed. Two weeks later I get and email that the part is
delayed and will not get to me until 12/11/2020. I actually get the part on 12/
19/2020. HP is supposed to call me to set up a time to install that. I never
get a call and email the escalation manager. He does not get back to me.
Yesterday, 01/14/2021 I call HP, get another support agent and have to go
through the whole case history, Mind you I now have 4 separate case numbers and
two case service numbers This agent can not help me and he gets another
escalation manager on the line. The manager says the same exact thing, that i
have to send in my computer for repair, again I explain I can not do that as
stated above, I also told him that I am now having another problem, battery
life is horrible. I told him I need another computer asap, he also can not do
that and says he will pass this up the line to anther dept. He schedules a call
today at 01/15/2021 11AM with the new dept. No call is received. I call the
customer service number again, wait 45 minutes for some one to actually
answered and hear their message repeated every few minutes, When he does answer
and we go through the whole story again, he tells me another escalation manager
has been assigned and he will email me in 48 hoursSo it has been about 7 months
since I bought this piece of garbage and still no customer service, no
resolution, I am so frustrated and upset with HP as I had a lot of HP products
in the past and they were great, and there customer service was also well know
for excellence, Not anymore. Now all their calls go to India and they can not
even resolve a very easy problem to fix and put me in this situation. Based on
customer service alone I will not buy another HP product .I guess the only
thing I can say is that I do like the tough screen and the speed of the Corei7
processor, but I could have got that with another brand. My previous laptop was
a Lenovo Yoga, and that was a great reliable laptop, never made a noise, worked
great until windows 10 killed it with all their crazy updates and other issues
that basically made it inoperable.If you do buy one of their products I do hope
your experience is much better then mine
I bought the HP Envy and after the warranty period ended the hinge failed. They
have designed a flawed product. The glass screen is too much for the plastic
hinge they have installed to handle, and all sorts of folks found their hinges
breaking everywhere from months to years down the road, depending on how much
they opened and closed the lid.I used my laptop almost exclusively at my desk.
I wasn't opening and closing it much, which is probably why mine failed about 2
years in. The warranty is only for one year.Upon researching the problem I
discovered the flaw was HP's faulty design, putting too much weight onto a
flimsy plastic hinge. It is all over the HP discussion boards. What is also all
over the boards are people like me who began the long and unfruitful process of
trying to get HP to stand behind their product. I was given the run around for
many weeks and finally gave up when it became evident they had been instructed
to not help people with this problem. They knew what they had done, but with
money in mind, decided quite purposefully to not stand behind their product and
fix it. I was accused of dropping my laptop and having other issues wrong which
I was trying to get fixed under the guise of complaining about a faulty hinge.
2 years later I sit at the very same laptop still using it because I couldn't
afford to fix or replace it 2 years ago, trying to warn people about HP and HP
envy in particular. Nothing was wrong with my computer except the hinge broke
because of their design having too heavy a screen for the hinge to support. For
two years I have rarely closed my lid. I close it with great care the 3 or so
times I have needed to do so. Other than this I just use it at my desk. I never
dropped or otherwise abused the laptop. I really like it except for the fact I
can't take it anywhere or close the lid to protect it from dust.I have just
bought a new laptop. I haven't booted it up yet but will in a few days. I
bought an ASUS, one of Samsung's new latops.I will never purchase HP
again.BEWARE. HP WILL NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS AND WILL NOT TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIS DESIGN FLAW WHICH CAUSED THE FAILURE OF MANY, MANY,
MANY HINGES ON THESE AND OTHER HP LAPTOPS.Not good. There are too many great
competitors to treat your customers like this.
The computer is fine, as with HP stuff I've been buying since the '70's. Memory
is quick but small for my needs.The problem, as of November, is that static
which is to weak for my fingers to feel is still enough to shut the thing down.
I now have it wrapped in aluminum foil.I have read that (since 2015) the
solution is to send it back to HP for an internal insulation fix. No thanks; my
next computer will be some other brand.
I didn't expect it to be as fast as it is. From shutdown, it is ready to go
faster than my old dell inspiron 15 with intel I3 and 16GB of ram. Very happy
and would recommend. Is just a little heavy due to the metal casing, but that
is a plus as well.
i am looking for a charger to replace it would any 65w charger do?
I should have believed all the reviews I read about this laptop's cooling fan
making a horrible noise. The loud pitch the fan makes is unbearable, and
frankly a total rip off for the money you are going to dish out. HP should have
fixed this issue when the problems first surfaced. Now, I am stuck with an
expensive noisy laptop. DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP. You will regret it.
An impressive machine, until it's not. I've tried a dozen ways to get it
working again. Hardware supposedly checks out. Won't be fixed, won't repair
install, won't Reset. All I have left is a clean install. Hopefully that will
work.Probably Microsoft's fault, but the manufactures should demand more from
Redmond. Linux is the better way to go if you don't need proprietary programs.
I am using it to write this review right now. It came about an hour ago (on the
earliest shipping date) and I've been using it for school for about 30 minutes!
It comes almost dead so you're gonna wanna plug it in before starting to set it
up.
Product looks nice and it's fast
