




tablescraper-selected-row
Love it so far! Yes, very light and soft touch to use.
Out of the box the X1 Carbon is an impressive machine. Very light weight and
aesthetically pleasing. The keyboard is a pleasure to use and the touchpad is
much better than other PCs I've recently used. The model I have has the
standard 1920 x 1080 display which is fine for an ultraportable. Should you
desire something comparable to a Mac Retina display, I recommend upgrading to
the Lenovo hi-res HDR display. For typical business use - email, MS Office, web
browsing, video conferencing, etc., the Intel 8th Gen i5 processor, 256GB SSD
and 8GB RAM configuration is fine. The X1 also has a good array of ports
including USB A-type, USB-C/Thunderbolt, and HDMI. After a few days of use,
battery life is impressive -- probably 10 hours with web browsing, Office, and
email usage. The only knock I'd give it in terms of hardware is the lid has a
lot of flex to it, but I suppose this is to be expected since it's not
aluminum. The other negative is not the fault of the hardware, but rather
Windows 10. Setup was tedious. After going through multiple rounds of updates
taking a couple of hours, I had to do a full reset and start over because the
Start Menu would not save any changes. I would delete the Windows Games and
other bloatware I don't need only to have it reappear. I am not set up on a
domain where a Group Policy is doing this, so I decided to reset and that
solved the problem. I also had to do a BIOS update and some Lenovo-dictated
driver updates. After three days of use, all has been good. Within this price
range, I have recently used a Microsoft Surface Laptop and a new Dell XPS 13
and prefer this Lenovo to either of those.
Pc worked well for about 10 months, did a software update and network card got
messed up by Lenovo’s own upgrade and they were imposible to reach for support,
out of 10 different contact people only 1 was courteous motivated to correct
issue, ended up using a local repair center to solve issue.
Very good laptop for everyday work outside(+)good battery life, absolutely love
the matte screen!(+)ultra portable(+)very fast(+)best keyboard ever(-
) fingerprint scan is terrible(-) cam, speakers(-) the notorious quality check
of Lenovo strikes back! mine has an issue with the trackpad which is not
working on the left side. Didn't send it back though(-) could be better looking
for that amount of money spent
Excellent piece of laptop.Light waight and powerfull with excelent
performance.Im glad that I didnt temptate to upgrade to the version with touch
screen and higher resolotion since the exsiting capabilities (regular screen
with FHD) are more than enough.Its just despointing that in that price its not
supplied with the USB-C travel hub (VGA, Ethernet port...)
Love the machine. It is very light weight, has a durable look and feel, though
the carbon surface catches dirt marks easily. The battery life is good. The
only thing I don’t like about IIt is that battery is fixed inside and you can’t
change it or remove it with unscrewing the back cover. I had requested for a
Windows 10 pro upgrade which the seller did free of cost!!!
I bought it as a gift, and when we start using it it gets dangerously hot, 80C
using only chrome or basic tasks in the office and if I use any heavier
software I'm afraid something will happen. It is impossible to use the keyboard
because the buttons are very hot, and this happens using it only for 10
minutes. Unfortunately I don't recommend it. When I opened it to see if the fan
was working, it’s too small and not enough. And since I am far from the United
States, I can't exchange anymore
It is gorgeous! Using DHL as a means of shipment is equivalent to that you need
no worry about customs affairs which drove me crazy when I attempted to
purchase another item in the United States to the United Kingdom. Even the
price is added with customs VAT and international handling fee and is compared
with that of United Kingdom, it is still cheap!
I purchased this laptop for our CFO of the company to replace his Lenovo W530.
He wanted speed, but something lighter than his monster W530. This has been a
perfect replacement for him in terms of speed, screen image quality and weight.
No issues with it at all after almost 3 months of use. Always complements that
this is the best laptop he has used.
This is the best laptop I’ve ever had. Extremely light weight and powerful!
Battery life is amazing, it lasts all day long. I don’t even bring my charger
to the office with me. I just leave it at home. Fingerprint reader is great. My
only complaint is that I need a dongle for Ethernet.
This laptop is really suitable for collage student. The best thing about it is
the weight. Carrying it is as light and easy as carrying an iPad. I really love
it though it is quite expensive. Btw, i5 is good enough and i7 can cost extra
money, so choose i5 to save money.
Great experience, delivery on time and product as expected!
Think pads are worth the money!! These are extremely well made, the battery
lasts a very long time. Only issue, and I think it's a Windows 10 thing, when
you turn it and put it in a carry bag, make sure it's OFF before you close the
lid!!!
great one, but the price dropped too quickly
This machine has the nicest keyboard I've ever seen on a portable computer.
Paired it with a portable external monitor for a pretty amazing setup while I'm
on the road.
The laptop arrived in perfect condition, works as fast as advertised. Battery
life is about 5 hours of heavy use and 24 hours of standby with some music play
in background. Highly recommended!
I bought it last year，and I encountered a series problems during the using.
Firstly，the wireless didn't work sometimes and it greatly impeded my life and
working. Secondly，the picture quality is so terrible as to being worse than my
Sony laptop bought 7 years ago. Thirdly，the touchpad often goes malfunction and
I couldn't move the cursor. The last but not least，processing is not fluent and
will be stuck sometimes. What a disgusting laptop！！！I seriously doubt that it
was REFURNISHED.
I use this laptop for work and it hasn't failed me yet. Web development and SEO
can easily be done on this laptop.
good solid Lap top good performance long bat life replaced a Surface Pro 4
which had short bat life and had bad usb connections.
Great ecran resolution, super light, long battery life, great microphone and
powerful computer. Everything works perfectly since day one.
Very good laptop. I totally recommended.
I don’t know what is wrong with this laptop. It shows blue screens very often,
and broke down only two months after I bought it. I have to send it to the
repair center. Wasted me a lot of time and lost some data. Very very
disappointed.
Excellent replacement for a computer that had a hard drive die. Lightweight and
fast processing.
Thank you great product
This is the best ultrabook ever made. Incredible looks and performance.
My laptop screen blinks continuously when its connected to wifi network. I have
sent it to Lenovo support twice. After the service, it works one month perfect
after blinking starts. I don't know how to solve my problem
The ports had scratches all over them. This is supposed to be new and it looks
like it came in used.
I purchased this laptop on May 27th. It abruptly stopped working on August
29th. Apparently the support window ends on August 26th and there is now way to
get help with this issue.
I bought this laptop brand new less than two months ago and it will not turn on
at all. Not sure what the problem is but tried multiple power cords and reset
button - still no joy. This will likely get returned.
Fast and light laptop.
These laptops are definitely not new. Ordered a few for work and two of them
crashed within the same hour. This is deceiving.
Had this Computer for 8 months. Just stopped charging. Complete waste of money.
These are refurbished units which is not listed in the product description.
I purchased a Lenovo X1 Carbon (i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD HD) after having some
hardware issues with other work laptops. I needed a high end, limited frills,
portable laptop to do heavy duty business work on. And not much else. I don't
play games or watch movies on this, I don't do graphics or rendering work. I
don't code. Other than work (heavy duty office-suite use, software used through
browsers, etc.) all I need this computer for is an occasional youtube
video.What I've dealt with since receiving this machine has turned me off from
Lenovo forever. The computer itself is as advertised…light, powerful, simple.
No touch screen, the keyboard is decent, everything else is great. So far I'd
give it a B+.EXCEPT yesterday it started having charging issues after 15 days
of use. The computer isn't charging correctly, it's indicating it's connected
when it's not, and it's telling me that the power cord I have is the wrong
wattage for this computer. Even though it's a) not, and b) been working fine
since I got it. And my external monitor flashes on and off. According to the
Lenovo client, all of my stuff is up-to-date and working correctly.Enter
Lenovo's superior customer support team to fix my issues right away.JUST
KIDDING.Enter Lenovo's frustrating but navigate-able menu and (wait for it)….A
SALES AND SUPPORT TEAM THAT IS NOT AVAILABLE FROM 9PM EST ON FRIDAY UNTIL 9AM
EST ON MONDAY.Can you imagine? A company with an enterprise value north of
$13BN, and they won't pay for support on the weekends. Un-freaking-
believable.Furthermore, the support staff I talked to (before they locked up
the office for the weekend) said that the turn-around time to repair my
computer would be 7 business days. Like, no big deal, right? I'll just use pen
and paper for a week and a half while my two-week-old computer maybe gets
fixed.Or I could talk to sales about getting a new one sent to me, so I can
spend a few hours getting my new computer set up and the old one wiped then
sent back to you. Oh, but they don't work on the weekends either. (You CAN,
however, order a new product by talking to someone through chat on the
weekends, but no sales support or technical support.)OR I could take my
computer to a certified Lenovo repair site. I live in the SF Bay Area…hardly
the middle of nowhere.There is one location within an hour of me.And it's
closed on the weekends.There's one more right at an hour from me. I'm not sure
if it's open on the weekends. They didn't answer their phone and their website
hasn't been updated since 2009.So here I am, wasting my Saturday and NOT
spending time with my family because I'm trying to resolve computer issues on a
brand new computer with a giant corporation that has 0 resources available to
support me on the weekends, as I prepare to get on the road for work tomorrow
for a week. Fortunately, I'll be back….late Friday.JUST IN TIME FOR THEM TO
CLOSE UP SHOP FOR THE WEEKEND AGAIN.ThinkPad products might be great. I'm not
sure. I've heard decent things. But if you end up with a lemon, better start
blocking off big chunks of time on your calendar to fix it yourself, because
you're going to be left high and dry by Lenovo. Because who really cares about
the little guy, right? It's just some shmuck who bought a $2500 laptop computer
from an IBM owned company.
After going through several xps 13 and x1 carbons (I sell electronics) I
replaced my XPS13 9370 8250u laptop with this X1 carbon ultrabook and overall i
like this one better. The xps had brighter screen and better color
reproduction, much nicer design, better battery.The x1 carbon has the same
weight as xps 13 which was a decisive point for me, and as a bonus a bigger and
more usable 14" screen. While the trackpad on xps 13 is slightly better (both
are great) the keyboard on the x1 is absolutely amazing in comparison to xps 13
which is also good but nowhere near as great.The X1 carbon has a worse thermal
solution than the xps 13 and as a result is obnoxiously louder and runs hotter.
I solved this issue by repasting the heatsink with noctua nt-h1 paste (i
recommend this one, it's easy to spread compared to other paste) After
repasting the XPS13 i couldn't hear the fans anymore, but on the X1 carbon they
where still on more often than i like.There is a software called ThrottleStop
that helped me lower the temperatures down , improve the battery life and make
fans silent. It can be configured to run minimized automatically on windows
startup (task scheduler)Before temps where at ~38c Min - 65C maximum. Now they
are at 27c Min, 44C max.For reading PDFs and using Office Word on this laptop i
turned off turbo boost and undervolted a few option settings. The cpu now
consumes as low as 0.1w power and 3.75w max.I wouldn't recommend any ultrabook
that has a 4k display or i7 CPU. (i previously had both on xps 13 and carbon
x1)While the 4k is very nice to look at, it makes the ultrabook run a lot
hotter. The same goes for the CPU which is also a waste of money in comparison
to an i5. If performance is important you shouldn't buy an ultrabook at all.
Bought recently at one of the large wholesale stores with 16GB RAM, Intel i7,
and 500 GB SSD. Comes with 2 USB-C / Thunderbolt ports, 2 USB-A ports, and an
HDMI port. Typically use wifi at home but bought a Lenovo ethernet adapter (in
case I need it for work) and it works great. Setup was very easy even though
this was my first experience with Windows 10 (use Windows 7 at my office). This
(with 14" screen) replaced my 9 yr old HP EliteBook 8540 with 15.6" screen, and
I really don't notice the screen being a little smaller. Keyboard is awesome.
This model and its charger are compact, light, and easy to carry. Recommend
highly.FYI, I'd probably have gone with the i5 chip and 1 TB SSD, but I got a
good deal on this pre-configured model at the large wholesaler.
This seems to be one of the best laptops ever made. I bought two of them.
