




tablescraper-selected-row
Bought from seller OEMGenuine. All things are fine regarding Seller and
Condition. I would purchase another Laptop from OEMGenuine if I needed to.The
Laptop itself is bad. Thinkpad E14 model.There is no CD/DVD Drive, you have to
buy an external One if you want to do something as basic as watch DVDs on it
now. I guess Computer Manufacturers have decided for Us that "nobody wants that
anymore."There is no Number Pad. Some people don't care about Number pads, but
this Laptop doesn't even give you the Option to ignore it. There just isn't
One! You will have to buy an external Number Pad if you want One.There are
bright white LED Indicators for Key Locks, and also for the Power Button, and
they cannot be disabled. When the Laptop is in Sleep Mode it will slowly pulse
its white Light and illuminate the whole Room at Night. Only the Laptop can
sleep through this. The LEDs are eyesores even with normal usage. White is an
inappropriate color for an LED Indicator on a Laptop.The keyboard has chiclet
style Keys in an "island style", so they're built into a plastic Frame with
individual gaps for each Key, and the Keys rise out of the Gaps. Proponents of
this Keyboard Style sometimes say that it helps keep Debris from getting under
the Keys. But they are wrong. Debris will get into the Keys unless you are
Computing in a Sterile Laboratory, and when Debris does get under one of the
Keys you can't pry the Key up to remove the Debris even a little bit, and you
can't shoot compressed Air underneath the Key to dislodge it. You will just
have to mash the key around and try to crunch the Debris into slightly less
intrusive Grit. (Bear in mind that we suggest NOT removing the Keys manually
for cleaning - Chiclet Key Retainers love to break when lifted from Above.)Very
poor design Decisions made for such an expensive Laptop. It used to be that
spending more Money would get you more or better Features. Now it just buys
sharper Build Quality and prestigious Brand Name.
As a teacher in the realm of distance teaching, I have a lot of programs that I
need to use at once concurrently with live streaming, so multi-tasking without
lag was a must when I bought a new PC. I've believed in Intel i7 processors for
many years now, and 32GB of RAM was my goal. Even in a matter of a day, my
programs are all zooming along at once, as I reinstalled Windows on an NVMe SSD
in the m.2 slot near the standard SATA III SSD, which acts as storage in my
setup. I've never had a more potent or quieter laptop!The 14" display is a
perfect size for me, and having the ThinkShutter to block the camera is a big
help in terms of privacy.Longevity and durability is always a waiting game, but
I believe in how well this PC was crafted. I recommend this ThinkPad E14 i7/
32GB RAM/1 TB SSD setup wholeheartedly.
I was looking for a relatively quiet (low fan noise) laptop that had enough
power to run some occasionally heavy load software like simulators or
compilers. I also didn't want to pay for a touch screen which I know I'll never
use. I detest finger prints on the screen. Although not the fastest machine on
the market, this 15W I5 processor allows the machine to quickly chew through
many tough applications and do it quietly. It was delivered ahead of the
original estimate and arrived in perfect condition. I'm very happy with the
power and size of this machine and would recommend it to anyone looking for a
small quiet laptop that looks like it's built to last.
The E14 has lived up to its brand so far. It is excellent all-round, except
that it is not touch screen. I an quite satisfied.
light on unnecessary bloatware (maker-installed software)has lots of important
port types, such as HDMI, USB (Older) and USB-Cboots to login screen in under
20 secondshas ethernet portblack is sexy
Issues with headphones jack.. doesn't work well with iTunes.. you have to plug
headphones in first before turning on iTunes for it to work
Bought to replace a cheapie laptop. I need a good processor for school and
work. Set-up was super easy and it was updated. Battery life isn’t anything to
write home about, but overall I’m pleased with it.
The Thinkpad E490 by Lenovo is a great computer, very impressed. The keyboard
is perfect and a dream to type on. I just got a new larger laptop and my
Lenovo, now a backup machine, is still my favorite to type on. If your a writer
or do a lot of writing I'd say check out this line of laptops. I would have
gotten a new Lenovo 15" but their 15" all have a keypad on the keyboard which
makes the unit to wide for lap use.
Excellent laptop. Needed 32Gb for local kubernetes development, so far so good.
Linux ready.
I bought the computer in July and in November my HDD died. I consider myself as
a normal standard user, I dont change anything in computers settings and mostly
use the computer for preparing classes I give.Computer was working pretty
nicely until I turned it off and the next morning I got into a boot loop and
the system couldnt boot at all. Why? No idea, I didnt do anything special as I
did the other days. I took it to the local technical service where I was told
that the HDD is somehow damaged and to get at least some of my data it requires
a WinLocker password.I immediately contacted OEMGenuine and their technical
support. They answered once on my email and didnt provide any asnwer related to
the password-protected HDD and since then it's week of silence.I do need help
and I kindly ask for it. Please, be a responsible company and let your
customers at least know that you are alive and try to solve something.I dont
have very expensive computer working, nor my data, nor any response.IT'S
FEBRUARY 2021 AND NO ONE ANSWERED! 3 MONTHS! PLEASE BE CAREFUL! SUCH A SHAME!
Crashes Frequently. Main reason for sudden shutdown is Kernel Power Event ID
41. Never experience any laptop like this. Very bad performance
I bought this laptop under the impression it was new, however three months in
and randomly the laptop DIES and never shuts back on. I take it to our
company's IT and a Lenovo service center and the experts tell me the slated
drive has been switched from the original and isn't under warranty. I was
completely blown because the product was NOT listed as refurbished and I had
work files open during the time it died. I would highly recommend to avoid
buying products from this seller.
This a well built computer; easy to use.
Computer served its purpose for 14 months. Operating system failed. Purchased
new hard drive. Could not update firmware.Disappointed.
I was surprised at how lightweight this computer is! And a powerhouse, as well.
I do graphics work, with multiple movie and sound clips at once, and it handles
it really well.
Very Good
Loving my new laptop. Works fast, screen color is so clear and it’s
lightweight. Using it for online classes right now.
Like everything about it, exceeds all my old laptops that I had. Finally able
to get work DONE!
Exactly what I had ordered! Been waiting a while to save up for it and I’m glad
I made the purchase.
I've only had this laptop for a few days but it has been great. Runs fast and
does everything I need it to do. We'll see how longevity is and I'll update
later if there are issues, but for now I can recommend it as a good purchase.
Terrible product. Slow, outdated, overpriced, graphics lacking, cannot support
even basic functionality.
Something is wrong with this laptop. After 5 months replaced motherboard and
then 2 weeks later needed to replace again.
The laptop ran unbelievably slow, even after updating Windows and all drivers.
It took upwards of 10 minutes to start up and took about 5 minutes to open any
program, even just a simple browser.When I called technical support, they asked
me to update Windows and the drivers (I already had done that). After that,
they said I'd have to send the laptop in for repairs (a brand new laptop).When
I tried to get a refund, they said it was past the 30 day policy (the laptop
was purchased by my brother in November and given to me as a Christmas present
- it was past the 30 days before I even opened it) and that I couldn't get a
refund.I would not recommend this laptop, as it did not work as expected even
brand new. Moreover, I wouldn't recommend any Lenovo products as their
technical support and customer service is very difficult to work with. I did
not feel like I was taken care of as a customer.
Product as described and fast delivery
This think is a super quite powerhouse. I recently had my Alienware 17xR3
stolen and needed another laptop, time for a upgrade anyways. This thing is
legit one of the best laptops I have ever owned. Wanted something a bit smaller
than the 17in that I had and this laptop is great for the price. Super thin and
super light.
I have owned this laptop for over a year and use it everyday for work. This is
an excellent machine for typical business users. The machine has plenty of CPU
power, memory, and disk for my needs. It boots Windows 10 fast and I have had
zero hardware problems. I really like the Battery Charge Threshold feature.
This sets the maximum charge on the battery to 80% which prolongs battery life
(not runtime) if the laptop is mostly used while plugged into AC. The screen is
clear and crisp. We have kids in college and this is my 4th Lenovo laptop
purchase. I have a gaming rig desktop so I cannot say if it runs games but it
does run Roblox just fine.
these come with USA power adaptors! so not useful in AUS
