tablescraper-selected-row
I tried this just to find something new since my regular sunscreen is made in Thailand, so I was not so confident about its
effectiveness.This is the best sunscreen so far.It glides on easily, leaves some white cast at first, but disappears after a
few minutes.It stays on without a trace, does not cause any problems with my makeup, does not make my skin shine at
all.It works well in humid and hot city like Bangkok.Must use a cleanser or Micellar water to remove it.I have very
sensitive skin, and this sunscreen feels fine, no breakout or anything.Will stock up for sure.
I was happy to find a sunscreen that matched my skin color and had SPF50. I was also happy cause the consistency
was nice and light but then I used it and I realize that it leaves my skin super shiny. I don't recommend it for oily skin.
This sunscreen is effective and easily accessible for people in Europe. For me, the pros end here.It is in no way, shape or
form a sunscreen that should be used by people with Oily or even Combination skinned users. It goes on nicely only to
explode into puddles of oil in the space of a couple of hours. It feels heavy even if the consistency is very thin and liquidy.
It balls up under makeup, the only kind of foundation I can use with this is a light dusting of power foundation. I used it up
just because it would be a total waste of money, but I only used it on weekends during spring summer if I wasn't wearing
makeup. There are other wonderful sunscreen options by Bioderma, and I love the brand itself, but this was a fail for me.
I generally find trouble finding an SPF that is light and won't break me out as my skin is oily. This one left my skin shiny
and broke me out to the point that I stopped using it.
I really wanted to love this but like the other reviewers I found this shiny and with a bit of a greasy feel. I live in the US
and bought this from Amazon as I was looking for a European sunscreen that offered strong broad spectrum protection.
I'll continue to use this as it cost about $28.
I have been using this product more than a week. In my opinion, it is very good. I use it directly yo my bare skin, then
after that I put Laura Mercier sill creme foundation on top of it, then finishing powder (revlon). It is winter time now. I find it
non greasy, non oily, non sticky. The texture is very very liquid. It doesn't leave any white traces. Doesn't make my skin
break out. I feel moist all the day (12 hours), for just normal activity (office work). Not sure how I will feel when it comes
Summer time. I use SPF 50 eventhough it is Summer, as i read a review says Radiation still continues even if it is winter
time, as long as the sun shines. So it is better to use SPF 50 everyday. I don't have spots / freckles on my face at the
moment, but from SK-II Magic Ring test, I can see the invisible spots that eventually will appear to my face one day as I
grow older. I used to use SK-II Cellumination day surge UV with SPF 30. But I guess it is not enough.. i am scared now.
Hence I bought Photoderm with SPF50 to replace SK-II day cream. it is up to you ladies to believe or not.. but it is better
to protect now rather than to cure the spots in the future. i promise myself to always use SPF50 every day.. face and
neck... winter spring summer and autumn.
This isnot a bad sunscreen. I love the sunscreen actives: Tinosorb S and M with stabilized AVobenzone and
Octocrylene. So its broad spectrum covering the gamut of UV exposure. I've even read that Tinosorb M is superior to
zinc oxide as its part-chemical/part-physical action covers the higher end of UVA rays. However, I'm not completely sold
on this sunscreen. Firstly, the alcohol denat is too dring for me. My skin ends up feeling lackluster at the end of the day.
Remember that alchol denat can cause skin inflammation, just fyi. Two, the finish is quite greasy At the beach? Sure! In
the office? No. Im searching for a sunscreen for everyday use and unfortunately this is not it. That said, I love the
Tinosorb complex and use Avene's SPF 50 (same ingredients but with no alcohol) that is much gentler on the skin and
great for days when I'm out in the sun. My HG everyday tinosorb sunscreenis Ducray Melascreen SPF 50.
This is grease city but i like the fact that its very fine and is great under makeup. So I use when i know im getting a lot of
sun but still need makeup, this is it. More elegantly formulated than the photoderm max spot, which i like better but there
is a place for this. Not for anyone other dry or combo dry. I have to blot a few times after this absorbs and throughout the
day. No breakouts either. I will finish but will not repurchase.
This review is for Photoderm MAX SPF50+ Ultra Fluid Tinted Light.In my opinion, this is a very good sunscreen for
summer days when you have a little tan and you don't want to use foundation.I have oily and acne-prone skin and is true
that it looks a little oily, but if you blend it very well and blot it exactly after you have applied it(to remove the excess of oil
this sunscreen has), I think it looks very nice,natural and dewy for summer look. You can also use a little powder if you
want a matte finish, but I prefer a more dewy finish for summer. A big plus: it didn't break me out at all!I will definitely buy
again next summer!
God this is so oily and shiny,I could be a mirror for someone when i have this thing on my face. And after i came out of
the water my face is still oily. But good sides are that even this is so shiny and oily it doesnt gave me breakouts,my
sensitive skin is calm and it really protects my skin from sun.
I was recommended this by a friend as I have eczema, I already like the other products from another range. This
sunscreen is very liquid, when I applied it on my face, it feels oily. I do not think everyone will like this and it is quite
expensive. However, it blends easily and I use it under bb cream, eyeliner and eyebrow pencil. My first bottle lasted so
long! I use it everyday before I go out. The packaging has changed though from a white bottle to orange coloured one but
it still has the nozzle.
It doesn't leave a white cast on my NC/NW20-25 skin, but oh boy, isn't it shiny, making me look as if I'd immersed my
skin in oil. I don't even have oily skin to begin with. Will be used up on my body.
