tablescraper-selected-row
I use the CeraVe sunscreen stick on a daily basis. In fact, I usually don’t leave the house without it. It has helped so much
with sun protection over the past few months and I’ve come to love it!
This product is okay but I’m in the market for something new. It leaves a small white residue i@wish it wouldn’t
This is honestly great for traveling and for any outdoor activity! Perfect size to carry around with you very portable and
stays for longer then half a day. Very light weight
I love this product. Especially in the summer my skin gets burnt easily. This is my go too sunscreen when I don’t wanna
burn. It was fairly affordable and it works like a charm. I would recommend to anyone who has the same problem as me
I like this product and I would say it’s kind of good but I would prefer the nonstick because it’s easier for me to use
I feel like there is no way for this to stay clean if you use it directly on the skin so that’s why it’s not 5 stars.
i like using this product because it is pretty affordable. it also has a great design and can upgrade your skincare game to
a new level. very easy to use. would buy again for sure!!!! great quality product. i would definitely recommend to
anyone!!!!!
This suncream stick is amazing !!! I can't believe how it changed the way i look at this SOF products, Putting on sunscreen
everyday is very important and This product helped me for 100000000000000% I would like to recommend it to all of people
around the world
I like this product because I love CeraVe! Definitely a good product since I usually only use subscription on my face. I
would definitely recommend this product to people for more than just the summertime!
This is so important when it comes to getting the right skin care at home! Only pro on this one it’s amazing it’s a long
lasting natural and very affordable and effective leaving your skin smelling wonderful leaving it soft and vibrant and
looking amazing of course. Highly highly recommended! luxury at its finest! Must for sun care that works!!
CeraVe is the best skincare I’ve used so far. It’s a little on the pricey side, but the stick is light and non greasy. I have no
improvements as it comes in a variety of consistencies to suit different application preferences.
i use this and will continue to use it but i have to say it’s kinda difficult to rub in but it’s very easy to use on the go i would
 say and it’s a pretty reasonable price probably wouldn’t recommend again but it’s pretty ok
My sister uses this before she puts on her makeup. Sunscreen is really important and it is easy to apply.
Definitely good for applying and re applying. Rubs in great and doesn’t leave a white cast. Definitely gets sandy if you
bring to the beach but other than that there are no issues with this products. Very affordable for the clean ingredients
Love the sunscreen. I use is most of the time. It melts to ur skin. Doesn’t have white stuff.
This product is always in my beach bag. It is so easy to apply to the face since it is a stick. It's also super easy to apply on kids to
and avoids the fear of getting sunscreen in their eyes. I have not found one thing from CeraVe that I am not in love with!
best sunscreen and very easy to use. i love this sunscreen, very cons. easy to apply, lightweight, and zero white cast.
very affordable for how well it works. i would definitely recommend.

Cerave is the only brand I trust for sunscreen. I break out so easily and these other brands make my skin awful.
I recently started incorporating sunscreen into my skincare routine as i realized how important it is! After trying out
different sunscreens this one was perfect!! Not too sticky and blends in without a weird smell or after cast
Honestly 5 out of 5. This is like magic it really cleans and makes your skin look better after a week. I have no words you definitely
need to give this a try
I only use cerave on my skin because it has high reviews! It makes my skin become more clear and healthy! I really
recommend if you need new skin care.
I love this sunscreen. It is very gentile and I highly recommend this product. I found this brand from TikTok and I’m
obsessed
Goes well on and has great protection. Definitely only for your face and will need to be rubbed in after applying. Compact
and easily portable.
It is soft and silky when it is put on your face. It is very much gentle and it isn’t rough on the face. It makes your face feel
soft and it is nice packaging and easy to open. It’s already so improved it doesn’t need improvement.
I really love this product I give it 11 out of 10. Everyone needs this mineral sunscreen stick it really works good for the sun or just
apply before your make up I recommend this to everybody ! It needs to be sold more often ​
I absolutely loved this it’s in the form of a deodorant so easy to apply I hate to apply​ sunscreen but this is so easy I apply
every two hours I definitely recommend the best purchases.​​
This is my favorite sunscreen of all times. It is a little oily but it leaves such a nice dewy finish. You can even apply this
over makeup without it smearing! Everyone with normal to dry skin should give this a try
I love CeraVe products and this does not disappoint! Applies well, does not irritate or dry my sensitive skin, and has helped make
my skin look overall healthier! Yes, I would recommend these products!
I love the sunscreen I love these on my face it keeps my face nice and covered with the sunscreen so it keeps it nice and
protected​
I’ve been looking for affordable tinted sunscreen and I found this baby! this product it’s incredible. I love using this, it’s like bb
cream. I highly recommend this if your working wholeday and wearing a mask. It gives you glow and at the same time protection.
LOVE THIS TINTED SUNSCREEN SO MUCH.
Great ingredients! SO important to use quality products without all the junk. You will get that with this sunscreen.
Great for sensitive skin. Provide great coverage and stays put and doesn’t get into your eyes. It's an nice sunscreen!!
I am a huge fan of Cerave Skincare! It has truly worked wonders on my skin! Using most of the line from serums to wash to
moisturizer to sunscreen has improved the texture and look of my skin so much the past few months! Highly reccomend Cerave
products to all!
I love the sunscreen I use it mostly for the summer because that’s what it’s used for and when you go to the beach​
This is another product i love especially when i’m out of the house and under the sun. Very easy to use. Of course it
works because it’s CeraVe!
I recommend this sunscreen because it is more gentle than chemical sunscreen..also this is my opinion but I recommend this!!
I love you stick of sunscreen so much it is so easy to put on and it’s great for keeping the sun burns away it’s so easy to apply
and just feels really great smells so good and I would definitely recommend it’s great for toddlers who don’t really like putting on
sunscreen because they can do it on their own because it’s on a stick love it so much​
I Love Everything About It . This Sunscreen Doesn’t Leave That White Film On Your Face . It Moisturizes Into The Skin Very Well
!
It provides excellent coverage and stays on, not getting into your eyes and doesn't run because it's a stick. It's also great for
sensitive skin. It's the perfect sunscreen.
Works great you don’t even need to put on makeup. It’s soft and keeps my skin clean and fresh. It also works great to keeping
your skin healthy and not break out!
This goes on well and doesn’t feel too sticky. You can barely tell it’s on. I wear it underneath my makeup
Strong and long lasting. I used this for my kids at the beach and even in the water I don’t find myself having to reapply as much
as others. It’s very effective and the only one I use for my family
I like this product Goes on nice you don’t hav to keep rubbing it in it’s very effective I would not improve this product at all it’s
gentle enough for the family
I gave it a 4 because it sometimes leaves my face with a white tint. Other than that, it’s a great sunscreen and my face feels
protected! I mix it with the moisturizing cream from Cerave and it does the job.
I really like this product because it does not leave my face white like others and it can be defined easily and it does not leave my
skin dry, I highly recommend it for the summer.
Very convenient for travel use as it doesn’t take up much space in bags! Last through the hot sun and are very hydrating and
protectant! I thought it was a perfect lightweight sunscreen and would definitely use again!
Easy application! Fits right into your purse so it makes it convent to bring anywhere you go!
I do like this sunscreen. I use it as a primer under my makeup or just alone on my t zone. It’s basic but good for the price. I’ll
continue to repurchase plus it’s spf 50! I also like that’s it mineral I don’t break out as much.
Terrible white cast and it’s super heavy! Find the 30 SPF if possible! If you are a person of color like me the white cast is BAD!
This brand is always really great with sensitive skin. I really love the lightweight quality of the stick-- very easy for travel and
application. I think it's a good value. It doesn't have a scent so I don't smell like the poolwhen I'm going to work. Highly
recommended.
This stuff is pretty good, I use the version that's in a lotion form. It does the trick, but always makes my face feel oily for some
reason. Maybe it's not good for my skin type! I have normal skin but it's prone to get oily in certain situations.
I am a fan of this brand. I use a lot of their products like their sunscreen and face cleanser and eye cream. This sunscreen not
only is good for your skin because of the minerals it has inside but it will protect you from the sun all day long​
Don’t get me wrong, I love Cerave products. I had heard great things about this sunscreen and I decided to purchase it but I
noticed I guess it’s a new version. I did not like it. It’s just not of my liking
I’ve been using this for about a month which has been going great. It was recommended by my dermatologist
