bodytext
A decade of laptop design culminates in today's review unit, the Lenovo
ThinkPad X1 Carbon Gen 10. As the name implies, it is the tenth generation
of the X1 Carbon series, . Compared to that first model, a lot of things have
changed, but in comparison to the ThinkPad X1 Carbon G9, the ThinkPad X1
Carbon G10 is not a huge update.
Lenovo uses the same chassis design for at least two generations. As the
ThinkPad X1 Carbon G9 was a huge redesign, the X1 Carbon G10 is a
refresh, which keeps the old design intact. It is a chassis that is mature
enough for everyday use. A more detailed description of the chassis and its
quality can be found in our comprehensive review of the .
There is one relevant design change: Lenovo had to implement a little reverse
notch to implement the new webcams. The small protrusion at the center of
the screen makes it easier to open the screen. Models with the new webcams,
like the reviewed variant, are 0.5 mm thicker than the preceding model.
There are no changes to the ports: the ThinkPad X1 Carbon 2022 offers
Thunderbolt 4 as well as legacy ports like USB A and HDMI, despite the
compact chassis. We do miss an SD card reader with this model.
Compared with the predecessor, the Intel Wireless AX211 (2x2) has been
added as a new option, which is also present in our review sample. Different
from the AX201, the AX211 supports the new standard WiFi 6E. We did not
use it in our test, but the WiFi module is still faster than the AX201 of the X1
Carbon G9.
Normally, there is little to write about when it comes to laptop cameras, but
with the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10, the webcam is an important part of
the conversation. Lenovo has upped the resolution from 720p to 1080p, and
the X1 Carbon G10 also uses an f/2.0 aperture, which should improve low
light performance.
The X1 Carbon 2022 offers most of the typical business features, like dTPM
2.0, a Kensington lock slot, or a fingerprint reader. At the same time smartcard
reader is not on board, although you will find on regular T/X ThinkPads. New is
the Computervision feature for the webcam with "Human Presence Detection".
The system recognizes if the user is stepping away from the device, and
automatically locks it. This function is optional and can be disabled in the
Lenovo Commercial Vantage app.
In the box, there is the 65 W charger with a USB-C plug and no other
accessories. Praiseworthy: the box and the outer packaging are completely
made out of paper for the first time. Lenovo dispensed the plastics used here
before.
There are no changes to the maintenance design of the predecessor. The
Carbon fiber bottom cover can be easily removed, only five screws and a few
clips at the back of the system have to be loosened. The M.2 2280 SSD is
upgradeable, the RAM is soldered. The same is true for the WiFi module. On
the other hand, a WWAN card can be slotted in, since our model has the
antennas and the SIM slot. But only 4G is possible, as 5G requires additional
antennas.
In the tested configuration, the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon Gen 10 has three
years of warranty, which includes on-site service. In case of a defect, the
Lenovo laptop will be repaired at the home or workplace of the customers.
This is only true for the country the device was bought in. Internationally, it is a
standard depot warranty.
Lenovo uses almost the same keyboard as with the predecessor X1 Carbon
G9, but the chiclet keyboard with the backlight and six rows of keys is
changed in one aspect: the keys of the first row and the keys on the left and
right edge of the keyboard, like Enter, Ctrl or Shift, are now square instead of
rounded. The typing feel is not affected, it is purely a visual change. The
keyboard is still very comfortable, with 1.5 mm travel, a good layout, and a
very satisfying typing experience. That being said, older ThinkPads with more
travel are better.
Among the ThinkPads, the X1 models have a special position, as they are the
only devices with a glass touchpad - though, this really is not true anymore, as
the ThinkPad Z series is being released at the moment and it also has a glass
touchpad. The comparison with the Z series is interesting, as the ThinkPad
Z13 has a new touchpad design without dedicated TrackPoint buttons. This
function is fulfilled by the haptic feedback.
For a refresh like the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10, a possible venue for
changes is the screen. This is true here as well, as Lenovo uses the
opportunity to introduce new screen options. But in the case of our review
device, the 14-inch 16:10 screen we are reviewing was available in the
predecessor already:
Ex factory, the colors are slightly too warm, which we measured with CalMan
and the X-Rite i1 Pro 2 color spectrophotometer. Calibrated with the X-Rite i1
Profiler, the colors are pretty neutral, with the biggest remaining inaccuracy in
the red color space. The ICC profile we created is available for free download.
Due to the matte screen surface, the display is usable outdoors, though the
missing nits of the panel used here are noticeable.
ThinkPads are known for having many configurations available. With the
ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10, Lenovo makes choosing the right model even
more complicated, as there are now two different classes of CPUs available:
Intel Alder Lake in its U15 and P28 variants, with vPro Enterprise and vPro
Essential versions. AMD CPUs are not on the table, and neither are dedicated
GPUs.
Lenovo uses the Windows energy settings for power management. For our
tests, we are using the mode "best performance" and disabled the Lenovo
Intelligent Cooling mode "Auto" (FN + T). This results in a short-term
Powerlimit 1 of 55 W and a long-term Powerlimit 2 of 15 W. Our WiFi battery
test was performed with the mode "Balanced" (PL1: 20 W / PL2: 11 W).
The is a processor with four-plus eight asymmetrical cores (4 P + 8 E cores)
of the newest generation Intel Alder Lake. As a CPU of the P class, it has a
typical TDP of 28 W, though this is just a rough orientation. It is a vPro
Enterprise variant of the , which is almost identical to the i5-1250P (clock
rates: P cores: 1.7 up to 4.4 GHz, E cores: 1.2 up to 3.3 GHz). Comparisons
with other processors are possible with the .
The system performance is good, there are no hiccups in everyday browser
usage. Once again though, the benchmarks show that the performance has
not substantially improved compared to the predecessor .
For working with audio, the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon 2022 is not suitable,
at least not in the reviewed configuration, since it has DPC latency problems.
This holds true in the Youtube test as well, as there are dropped frames.
Lenovo would have to release a driver update.
Lenovo uses the Samsung PM9A1, an NVMe SSD with the PCIe 4.0
standard. In this case, the SSD has a capacity of 512 GB. In the Lenovo
ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10, it works extremely fast. Under sustained load, the
performance is not stable, likely due to heat management issues. This is
something we observe more frequently with recent tests, so it seems it is not a
Lenovo-exclusive problem.
The is the iGPU of all i5 CPUs from the U/P-series for the years 2021 and
2022. Its performance is dependent on the system memory, as the iGPU does
not have dedicated memory. In the case of the X1 Carbon G10, it is fast
LPDDR5 memory in a quad-channel configuration, which is ideal for the Intel
Xe. Despite this, the iGPU does not perform as well as it could, which is
probably due to the thermal constraints of the ThinkPad laptop. The Dell
Latitude 7420 with the same iGPU performs better in the 3DMark tests.
Gaming after the work is not possible with the ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10,
apart from older titles. In any case, the quality and resolution have to be
lowered.
The Witcher 3 test shows once again that the X1 Carbon 2022 has problems
with the cooling. The performance of the iGPU is not stable.
Surprisingly, the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10 is a rather quiet system.
When idling, the two small fans stay completely quiet. Under load, they reach
35.47 dB(a) - a moderate level for the maximum fan speed. We think Lenovo
could have the fans run a little louder to squeeze some more performance out
of the CPU.
Despite the quiet fans, the Lenovo laptop X1 Carbon 2022 does not get overly
hot. In the stress test and Witcher 3 test, the highest temperatures were
measured at the top: 45 degrees Celsius or 113 F above the keyboard. The
palmrest stays cool in every case. A bit annoying is the hot keyboard during
the Witcher 3 test, but since the ThinkPad is not a gaming laptop, this should
not be an issue in everyday use.
The Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10 has four speakers, two on the bottom
and two on top, next to the keyboard. They are sufficiently loud and they do
have some bass, but there is still a lot of room for improvement.
The power consumption of the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10 is good, the
competitors from last year consume more energy. The X1 Carbon G9
consumes less only for the maximum idle consumption.
For the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon G10, the platform upgrade to Intel Alder
Lake is the main focus. In the case of the reviewed unit, it is Alder Lake P28.
All things considered, we can say: the new generation fails to meet our
expectations.
The tested model costs roughly $2,030 when configured in the Lenovo online
store. The base price for the ThinkPad X1 Carbon Gen 10 in the USA sits at
$1,560 as of writing this review.