tablescraper-selected-row
The Lenovo ThinkPad E14 is an office laptop, which is not as slim as the devices from the X-series and there are
not as many features as on the T-series, but the laptops often cost only half the price and they offer all the important
things you need to work. Lenovo also fixes one major complaint and equips the new ThinkPad E14 G3 with brighter
displays and there is also an optional screen with 100% sRGB coverage.
Lenovo did not change the chassis and the black design might appear a bit boring, but it is definitely functional. You
can notice the low price in terms of materials because you get a combination of plastic and aluminum (lid and
bottom panel). The stability is still good and you cannot twist or dent the base unit (no creaking sounds). The lid
itself is also sturdy, but we can quickly provoke picture distortions with concentrated pressure on the back and
twisting attempts. The hinges are well adjusted and there is only minor bouncing.
The E14 G3 is the heaviest and largest device in our comparison group; it is noticeably deeper in terms of footprint.
The USB-C power adapter tips the scale at around 360 grams.
The port situation is still the same, even though we would appreciate some updates. You get a USB-C port including
charging functionality as well as DisplayPort and a full-size HDMI output, but a slow USB 2.0 port is not really
appropriate for a laptop in 2021. More expensive ThinkPad models (like the T-series) definitely have an advantage
in this regard.
Lenovo uses a Wi-Fi 6 module from RealTek, but the transfer rates are lower compared to , which was equipped
with the Intel AX200. It is now a 1x1 module (160 MHz) with a maximum transfer rate of 866 Mbps. The signal
quality was always good during our review period. The E14 G3 also offers a Gigabit Ethernet port, but there are no
WWAN modules available.
As expected, you only get a simple 720p webcam (0.9 MP) with a mechanical shutter (ThinkShutter), which takes
pretty bad pictures. There is also an IR camera for facial recognition via Windows Hello.
Similar to previous ThinkPad E laptops, you can remove the whole bottom cover, but the process is not simple. The
panel is still extremely tight after you have removed all the screws and there are plenty of plastic clips that can break
easily. Other ThinkPad models are much easier to open.
The warranty once again shows the entry-level position of the ThinkPad E14, because our test unit only comes with
a one-year warranty. You can still extend the duration for an additional price. Some models of the E14 are also sold
with a two-year warranty.
The ThinkPad E14 G3 still gets the familiar and excellent keyboard with 1.8 mm travel and rich feedback. Despite
the low price, the E14 has a big advantage over much more expensive ThinkPad X models, which are now equipped
with shallower and flatter keyboards. You will definitely be happy when you write a lot and the E14 G3 also comes
with a two-stage background illumination.
The displays have always been a problem of the inexpensive ThinkPad E14-series. The picture quality was okay for
an office laptop, but the brightness was hardly competitive at around 250 nits. Lenovo now improved the situation,
and our test unit is the default IPS screen with an advertised brightness of 300 nits, and our test unit even manages
330 nits. There is also an optional panel with full sRGB coverage if you want to edit pictures. Some regions also get
an inexpensive TN panel with a brightness of 250 nits, but we would not recommend this option.
We analyzed the display with the professional CalMAN software and the grayscale is already very accurate out of
the box. There is only a minor blue cast, but it is not visible with the naked eye. The colors on the other hand clearly
show that it is an inexpensive IPS screen with limited color gamut (~60% sRGB) and we can see huge deviations
compared to the sRGB reference color space.
We calibrated the panel (X-Rite i1 Pro 2) and the corresponding profile can be downloaded in the box above. The
grayscale improved a bit, but the colors still show high deviations.
The additional brightness is definitely appreciated outdoors and you have a little bit more headroom, but you should
still get a place in the shade for the most comfortable viewing experience.
Our review unit is equipped with the with 6 cores (12 threads) and a maximum clock of 4 GHZ. More technical
information about the CPU is available .
The new ThinkPad E14 beats the rivals in multi-core benchmarks. Tiger Lake based laptops are much slower and
even the 45W processor in the is slower than the AMD chip. If you only stress one core, however, the Intel chips
have an advantage. We should mention that Intel CPUs often benefit from high power limits for short peak load,
which is not the case for the AMD chip in the E14. The performance is not reduced on battery power.
Talking about the overall system performance, the new ThinkPad E14 G3 leaves a great impression. The results in
the synthetic benchmarks confirm our subjective impression; the device executes inputs very quickly and there are
no bottlenecks in the system configuration. You can expand the memory up to 40 GB (8 GB onboard + 1 RAM slot
up to 32 GB).
Our standardized latency test (web browsing, YouTube 4K playback, CPU load) shows increased latencies for the
ThinkPad E14 G3, so there can be problems when you use real-time audio applications.
The ThinkPad E14 G3 has two SSD slots. Our review unit was equipped with a compact M.2-2242 module from SK
Hynix (BC711) and a storage capacity of 512 GB (435 GB free after initial set-up). Both drives are attached via
PCIe-3.0 x4 and the transfer rates are good. Thanks to the empty M.2-2280 slot, it is very easy to upgrade the
storage capacity if necessary. More SSD benchmarks can be found .
The Ryzen 5 5500U is equipped with the integrated Radeon RX Vega 7, which is basically the old we already know
from Ryzen 4000 chips. More technical information about the iGPU is available . This is also the case for the
performance, which benefits from the dual-channel memory configuration, but it is on the expected level in general.
Intel's integrated , which is also available in the Intel model of the , for example, is a bit faster in the synthetic
benchmarks.
The difference between the Vega 7 and the Iris Xe Graphics G7 (96 EUs) is much smaller in the actual gaming
benchmarks. Gaming is possible on the E14 G3, but you are usually limited to low or medium settings to get smooth
gameplay. More gaming benchmarks with the Vega 7 are available .
The new E14 G3 still uses a single fan and it is a very quiet device overall. Compared to many Intel based laptops,
there is no high power limit, so the fan usually does not start spinning in short peak load scenarios. The noise level
is still convenient when you stress the CPU and the iGPU simultaneously and there are no annoying frequencies.
We did not notice any other electronic sounds like coil whine on our test unit, either.
The ThinkPad E14 G3 is not uncomfortable warm, despite the quiet fan. We can determine almost 50 °C at the
bottom during the stress test and you should not put the device on your lap in this scenario, but there are no
limitations in everyday situations. The fan speed is a bit lower when you play games like Witcher 3, so the chassis is
even a bit warmer.
We can once again see that the consumption levels off at 30 Watts during the stress test. There are some
fluctuations after about 10 minutes but the performance is very stable in general and there is no major drop. The
processor runs at 6x 2.6-2.8 GHz and the iGPU at ~450 MHz. There is no performance reduction immediately after
the stress test.
The two stereo speakers once again carry the same Harman branding and we cannot notice a difference from the
previous model. The result is surprisingly good for an inexpensive office device and you can easily enjoy some
videos or some background music. Conferences benefit from the good representation of high tones, which is great
for clear voices.
Our consumption measurements show slight improvements, because the idle values are comparable or even
slightly better compared to the ThinkPad E14 G2 (both Intel as well as AMD), despite the brighter display. AMD
system behave differently under load since there are no increased power limits for short periods, so the
consumption is stable. We determine up to 55W during the stress test, so the compact 65W power adapter (USB-C)
is completely sufficient.
Lenovo increased the battery capacity to 57 Wh and this obviously has a positive effect on the battery runtime.
Almost all the rivals including the two models of the ThinkPad E14 G2 (both AMD as well as Intel) are clearly
beaten. Our Wi-Fi test at an adjusted brightness of 150 nits results in almost 11.5 hours and still more than 8 hours
at the maximum brightness. It seems that AMD laptops with shorter battery runtime are a thing of the past. The
video test benefits from the more efficient video decoder with a runtime of almost 14 hours.
The third generation of the ThinkPad E14 is once again a good office laptop with a great price-performance ratio.
You do not get the most high-end specs or best materials, but the notebook does not disappoint in the important
sections and it is once again equipped with an excellent keyboard, which is not the case anymore for many more
expensive ThinkPads. The keyboard is also a big advantage compared to the rivals.