__ReviewTextReadMoreV2__
I hate this concealer, can never get it to come out of the tube and the few times it did, it wasn't anything special.
This is a hard no for me. I’m fair and cool toned and all the shades lean orange. Also I found it gloppy and the applicator
is unhygienic. I had to use a brush or sponge I could wash. I prefer Lancôme or L’Oréal.
I had a SEVERE allergic reaction to this. My eyes constantly watered and burned. The skin around my eyes got soooooo
raw I had to buy aquaphor and coat it down for days. This was my experience using this product for one week.
Absolutely regretted it
I feel like this product does not do what it says, hence the low rating it gets from my side.Surprised it would even be
marketed as anything age-related, as I have found it to cake and crease everywhere and just sit on top of the skin like a
clay mask. Maybe it looks good on camera or in photos but to me this has been unwearable because of its thickness. For
the record I use Max Factor pan sticks and other thick foundations and concealers, therefore it isn't the consistency that
bothered me, but the effect. I bought two tubes and ended up tossing them both unfortunately. The packaging is also
unhygienic and messy (a lot of product gets stuck in the sponge) and this concealer is also not that cheap in Europe. The
shade selection is ok I guess, but overall this should perhaps be marketed for younger people as opposed to anyone
who wants to 'rewind their age'.
Color match and consistency were good but this formula burned my eye area so badly I had to wash it off immediately.
My skin is somewhat but not extremely sensitive and this concealer caused a strong and immediate reaction unlike any
other under-eye concealer I’ve ever used. I know it’s a cult favorite but for me it went into the trash after the first use.
I like this concealer quite a bit. The applicator is nice, the sponge makes it easy to apply and blend the concealer evenly.
There is a decent shade selection. The sponge does seem like it will be a bacteria magnet, so I use this as much as I
can. Never for more than a couple months max. The coverage is medium and not too heavy looking.
The coverage was good but i disliked the packaging. I would never buy it again.
This is my HG concealer. I am yet to find something that is so skin-like, doesn’t accentuate fine lines or look cakey under
my eyes. It is seamless.
This is my go to undereye concealer and has been for years. I periodically try others but they always fall short compared
to this. This has a light formula, very natural look and they actually make a shade match for my pale cool skin. My
undereyes area is nice, no lines and no dark circles so admittedly that makes concealer easy. I actually love the little
attached sponge applicator. I apply with that and then pat with a fingertip to blend because it's easy to apply too much if
you blend it with the attached sponge. Best concealer I've ever used for my undereye area. Never fails. I'll repurchase
again and again. (if you have undereye lines and you put product over them it's going in those lines no matter what, that's
not the concealer... It's a physical feature of your face, makeup doesn't cover texture and lines. The more you put and the
heavier the formula the more obvious it will be so theoretically this concealer is good for lined undereyes because of its
lightness).
I was disappointed. The coverage is not that great, it doesn't look smooth, a bit wet after application, moves and creases
lots. Perhaps if u don't have actual dark circles this could work for u
This is my favorite concealer. I bought it in fair, which is a perfect match for my light pink toned skin, I use it on my under
eye area, on the inner corners and on any discoloration. This covers beautifully without looking heavy. It doesn't crease
or fade or accentuate fine lines. I love the sponge applicator which makes applying very easy. It's very affordable and
available everywhere. I've tried high end concealers, but I like this one the best. I highly recommend.
This rocks! It doesn't crease under my eyes, is affordable, and easy to find. I will absolutely repurchase and recommend it
to anyone who needs a good undereye concealer. It gives me better results than concealers much more pricy I've bought
at Sephora and such.
Good product
This concealer is apart of Maybelline's permanent line and rightfully so. Brightening is a bold understatement. It instantly
provides bright lights for your under eyes. This product goes on thin, light, easy to apply and easy to blend and dries
down slightly thicker, more full coverage, matte and stays without budging even to touch. There is a reason why it has
been around for a long time.
I am nw20 and tried (so many shades, but the new shade worked best) Light Honey. It is decent, but it is not IME for
those that have serious darkness under there eyes. Great drugstore in a pinch option. The new shade Light Honey is a
much better match for my nw20 skin than any of the other shades they had before. But on me this falls into that category
of I keep applying it and it really isn't making a dent. It does some muting, but the darkness is still pretty apparent. Again,
if you have just some mild darkness, this would be a great option. But for those of us that have the full under eye, I got
punched, darkness...this (again in my experience) may not be enough.
I am sure that my foundation and this concealer has same formular (silicone based) and applied correctly but this
foundation still creasing, cakey, and show pores horribly, it destroys my beautiful natural texture of my foundation,
coverage is medium and blending is ok, the packaging is unhygine. Sorry if it work for you, not for me. Shade medium is
good match for NC/NW30
It has a very good coverage, but also bear in mind that my undereye area is not very dark, it just needs a little bit of
brightness. It can be dry, so I put on my eye cream first and then I even use squalane oil on my beauty blender to blend
this into my skin without any creases. (I use oil, instead of setting it with a powder, because I do not like matt finishes).
I found the actual concealer to be medium to full coverage and actually found the concealer really good! I actually used
mine for foundation and found it good in covering the acne and still providing a non-makeup makeup finish. I would
however note that the sponge applicator is not great to constantly be reusing and the actual product finishes quickly for
me. However i would definitely recommend over the Maybelline fit me concealer.
Oh hey, you know if you’ve spent any time on Instagram and watch tutorials and see Charlotte Tilbury contour and other
high end foundations with this exact way of dispensing then you just know to buy this for $7.00 and save your money.
Foundation and concealer in a hygienic easy way of tapping on and having the same affect as CT and Armani. Swatch it,
you’ll see ! Happy 2020 you beautiful people EDIT if this is balling up then you’re using too much. If you find the
sponge to be unhygienic then take it off and wash it, but really a doe foot is not terribly hygienic either or fingers. This is a
no brainer for touch ups.
Tbh this is overhyped. It settles more into my fine lines than the apieu moist creamy concealer, and has less coverage to
boot. It's also more expensive. The only plus is that it's far more accessible than most Korean makeup brands, but I'd
rather take the trouble to order something online that's cheaper and I know works better I find many Korean roadshop
concealers have bomb coverage, and frequently come with added SPF - which can only be a plus for preventing dark
marks from getting any darker!
Maybeline has finally introduced this in Japan and I`ve been wearing this concealer for the first time for the last two
weeks. It`s quite nice, for the price. Good points: high coverage with just a tiny bit of product, won`t settle (too much) into
fine lines (if you use a tiny bit of product), good color range, decent staying power. The bad points, as everyone else, has
already said: the stupid sponge tip applicator and the fact that it can be a bit too drying (this can be mediated if you
moisturize the under eye area really well and use just a pinhead amount). I still like my Phyto Sisley and Cle de Peau (the
one in the clicky stick with the brush) concealers better and will always pick those up for a special evening, but those are
way more expensive, so to give my wallet a break, I don`t much mind using Maybeline on a daily basis. In summer,
though, Catrice Camouflage will beat all other concealers, hands down.
Good medium coverage, creamy formula that is easy to work with. I use this both for under-eye circles and for blemishes
on my face (different shades though of course!). Will rub off a bit throughout the day, for longer wear I'd recommend
some primer & setting powder to get it to stay put on oily skin
I have not been a fan of under eye concealers because they usually settle into my fine lines...but this concealer has
changed my mind. This stuff is a miracle! It actually tightens my undereye area, completely covers darkness and
brightens my eyes like nothing else. I am just amazed. I don’t apply heavily but just dab my finger onto the sponge and
then lightly around my eyes. It doesn’t require setting with powder and lasts all day. And the price is just awesome as
well. I have the Light color which is perfect for my light to medium warm/neutral skin tone. I will be buying this for ever.
Maybelline, please do not cancel this product.
I have tried this many times over the years since it was new. I have aged, my skin has changed etc, and I have used the
neutralizer, the brightener, and the shade light - each on their own and in combinations when inclined. I never liked
these. (Perhaps I should specify that I have never liked an under-eye concealer.) I simply kept giving it a shot with hope
and different products underneath etc to see if maybe I would love it. These always flat out suck. Thick, cakey and if
tweaked to be otherwise? Disastrous looking. Just putting it in print that not all "holy grails" on cosmetic platforms are
always worthwhile.
There is definitely a lot of hype for this concealer, it is all over YouTube and the internet. I remember trying this out a long
time ago and not liking it for some reason. I got the lightest available in Walmart which was 100 Ivory which is a pretty
good match, is a little yellow though and does a great job with brightening despite not being lighter then my skin tone and
concealing my undereyes. Not full coverage more of medium- high medium but still covers a good amount of
discolouration. I really like how easily this blends compared to the Creamy Concealer by Maybelline which I have to work
a little for it to blend, this one blends effortlessly with just a couple of pats with a sponge.
This is interesting. Ive used this concealer years ago when it first came out and what called my attention was how full
coverage it was. Now years later I tried it again and it is more watery, has less coverage (Medium at best), but i find it
much more moisturizing and actually helping with dark circles...i know shocking. So for aging under eyes I find it great
now. Recommended!!
Yeah i dont know why people are so into this, even Tati recommended this and i thought i should try. One of the worst
ones i've tried, it started to roll off in nasty bits from my skin right when i was applying it, and then after just few hours i
tried to touch up and it did it again!
I didn’t like the sponge applicator. Good creamy concealer for everyday use. Will buy again.
This concealer has a lot of hype around it, which to some extent is justified. It applies nicely, blends well and looks much
like skin when dried down, unlike some products which cling to every bit of texture. I would call it a satin-matte finish - not
so matte that it dries your skin but is in no way radiant.
I don't like this. I know it's really popular, and I feel like I must be missing something. I actually even repurchased it a year
or two after having thrown it away, thinking I must have had a bad one, or that maybe I had to work with it a bit. No, still
don't like it. It makes my undereye area look horrible. I tried the brightener or whatever it's called once, and then I tried it
in fair. I didn't like either. I could not make it work for me. Not as an undereye concealer or for any other use. Really
unflattering, and under the eyes, very aging. I'm not bothered by the applicator. I love Maybelline, I find a lot of their
foundations to be really good. And their Fit Me! concealer and powders are wonderful. But this is really a pass for me.