tablescraper-selected-row
Honestly this is such an under rated foundation. Lightweight, medium coverage, buildable, your skin
but better, cost effective, lasts for ages. There is genuinely nothing to not love about this foundation. I'd
rate it over my top shelf foundation any day of the week
This foundation is one of my top 5 foundations that I like to use, it has a nice consistency which
smooths over and blends nicely with my skin leaving a lovely natural finish. It has good coverage and
does a pretty good job at concealing my pores and imperfections. It doesn't leave my skin all oily by
lunchtime like alot of other foundations do. The only downside to this foundation I found is it doesn't last
all day, by early afternoon I'm needing to apply more.
Helps my pores, great colour match and blends so well.
It's very good and an awesome price point.
I use the matte formula in winter.
A flawless match.
This foundation oxidised on me after about 2-3 hours, and also came off a lot from my nose and chin.
To start with however the finish & coverage was good and it looked natural.
So I've used this foundation on and off for a few years now. While I do appreciate the price, I wouldnt
say it's really "poreless". I noticed around my nose it actually exaggerated my pores a lot, and the
matte effect was quite drying so i would definitely recommend this foundation more if you have skin
thats on the oilier side. One thing I do love about it is that it has a great shade range and is one of the
only cheaper foundations that makes a shade pale enough for me, so thats fabulous. It also has great
coverage and is super buildable and blendable, it's okay on my skin when paired with a hydrating
primer. therefore i would use it again but i do not recommend this product for gals with dry skin, it'll
make you look crusty.
Hands down the most reliable and best drug store foundation in town. Used this foundation on and off
and i keep on coming back to Maybelline fit me. The coverage is perfect, I barely need to use
concealer yet the foundation is not at all cakey! little goes a long way and a bottle lasts me long too.
Love love love!
This is my favorite drug store foundation I've ever tried have repurchased this foundation so many
times over the years a++++
LOVE! Can't rave about this foundation enough. Super easy to apply and at such a great value too! I'm
not a makeup guru so using this product doesn't leave me with the guilty feeling of overusing it. Gives
my skin great coverage but not a cakey look at all and I haven't had any issues with an oily appearance
even over long periods of wearing.
I love to use this foundation during the day when I dont want a heavy full coverage feeling on my face,
lasts great during the day and light weight.
Didn't like it at all and I have oily skin.
It may be because my skin is a little drier then usual in winter? I will keep it for summer though and see
how it goes on then,hopefully it glides on easier. It made my skin look very dry and dried fast when
trying to blend in. Colour matches and the coverage are really good though.
Matte everything is the big trend at the moment, and a matte foundation is the perfect thing for us oily
skinned ladies. This product certainly reduces the appearance of pores and provides great coverage,
however I find that it refuses to stay put on my face no matter what primer and setting spray I use. It
moves around on your face a lot and slides off very easily. So overall I'd say it's a fairly average
product that looks good when first applied but certainly won't stay looking that way all day.
I had heard that this particular matte foundation wasn't that great (just through friends ands friends of
friends), but because I love matte foundation and have tried a few that have been suggested to me and
They have failed,I decided to try this one,and omg I LOVE this, it's so good on my skin and it doesn't
irritate me either. It's not cakey and I wore it for a few hours one day without setting spray and it was
still fine when I got home :) I find it blends really well also. It is pricier then some I've used but it's my #1
foundation at the moment :)
This foundation is my first try of Maybelline. Maybellines one of those brands you can easily online or
at most chain stores. When they launched this new line last year I was interested to see what this
would be like. I purchased this in a bulk lot from Trade me because I like bargain hunting. Typically in
New Zealand foundations can be priced medium to high range. Theres always other ways to try and
find foundations and at an affordable rate like at Red Bucket sales etc. My skin type is dry combination
with large pores. I get acne every time I try a new foundation or skincare product. Thankfully not with
this one.
I have dry skin, always have, but I was having no luck with foundations that were targeted at dry skin.
Whilst in Hawaii early last year I saw this, it was cheap as chips so I thought I'd take the plunge and try
something that's the polar opposite of what I normally go for. Boy am I glad I did!
I am quite pale and ivory was too dark for me in this range, it sat really badly on my skin, pooling in
areas and looking cakey. I was quite disappointed as I had heard so many great things about this, with
me it's either hit or miss and this was definately a miss.
I have recently learned from a BR pro lovely that my skin is not dry and sensitive like I previously was
told. It's combination and can be quite oily in the T Zone area. I previously used the Fit Me dewy finish
because I thought the shining dewy look was better for my dry skin. But little did I know that although in
places it looked good in the oily areas it made it even oilier.
I wear this at night when I go out, its cheap enough and does the job. My friend let me use hers one
time and I just had to go out and get it as well as the smooth and dewy foundation for during the day :)
Great range of colours and blends in nicely.
I have very visible pores but Im not a big fan of silicone primers. I dont even need to use a primer with
this. One of my favourites so far it keeps me matte all day,covers up my pores and has pretty good
coverage. The price is good considering what you get. I'd repurchase again definitely!
After reading all the fuss about the original Fit Me foundation, I decided to give the matte and pore-less
version a try. And I love it! I love the medium-full coverage, I love the way it sits on my skin and bigger
pores, and I love how it covers my acne.The only thing is the colour choice with Maybelline is hit or
miss when it comes to their lighter shade, I feel I'm in between Ivory and Classic Ivory.
i used to wear the original fit me and then tried the matte+pore one and it went matte far to quickly i
didn't get a chance to apply it to my skin properly and it went all patchy. then i tried a friends one a few
days later and it dried after i have applied it to my skin and smoothed it out?
I can't get enough of this foundation. I'm on my third bottle! It's so easy to blend out with buildable,
medium coverage. It stays matte long enough for every day and is fairly affordable too. I took one
lippie off for not having a pump on the bottle - if other Maybelline foundations have pumps why not this
one?
I initially was not the biggest fan of this foundation. I at first found that this didnt sit right on my skin, and
highlighted my large pores. After some experimentation however this foundation has certainly grown on
me. I find that you need a well hydrated base, and a good pore filling primer. With these steps in place
this foundation then provides a really pretty matte medium/full coverage, which I find lasts all day
without looking cakey or shiny.
I really like this foundation, however I'm between colours which is really annoying. It also would be
better if it had a pump bottle. It gives a buildable coverage and is matte but not too matte. Lasts pretty
well and doesn't get too oily on me.
I love love love this foundation. I have tried so many different foundations that promise you perfection
but this one doesn't lie. It matches perfectly too. Will definitely be buying this again.
I bought this foundation at one of the makeup sales as I had been looking at it for a while and wanted a
cheap everyday foundation. I found the colours for lighter skinned ladies are either too grey or too pink.
I went for the more grey option as my skin is already quite pink but it still wasn't quite the right colour
(maybe I need to try a different colour). I found the coverage was medium which is good for everyday
wear for me but I would choose a more high coverage foundation for the weekend. It is a fairly matte
formula but I still use a light powder as my skin can be quite oily towards the end of the day. I will mix
with another foundation to use the bottle but probably wouldn't purchase again.
I picked this up a few months ago as I was curious with the matte formula. I've tried the original Fit Me
foundation years ago and although I liked it then, it wasn't the best for my oily skin.