tablescraper-selected-row
I would gladly have a white film of sunblock on my face than skin cancer. I was recently diagnosed wprecanerous sun
spots on my face and have had to go through getting the spots frozen and also using an ointment that has similar effects.
The results of this have left my face temporarily red, scabbed and wishing I had paid attention to the warnings of sun
damage. If I only knew then what I know nowWEAR SUNBLOCK, all day, every day. Who cares if it leaves a white
film on your skin, that means it's working. I recently got a compliment from someone saying they liked my highlights on
my face I told them it was sunblock. Wear it and stop complaining about the white, thickness. I wish I would have.
Excellent product! Easy to apply & easy to rub in (I need to rub it in so I don’t have white stripes). I like this much better
than the liquid versions as it does not get in my eyes.
Been using this product for 5 years 365 days a year. Great protection.
I love this chemical-free sunscreen! It is easy to apply and provides excellent coverage.
Love this product! It's the real deal! It seems sticky coming out of the tube but it applies smoothly and easily! I use this
between moisturizer and foundation, allowing for a couple minutes drying time between layers. I strongly recommend this
product!
My skin is sensitive,oily with large pores and fair.This sunscreen protects my skin completly from UVA radiants(skin-
aging) and UVB.I wear it as primer,the BEST primer ever!!!I use a loose powder after sunscreen ,and the result is very
smooth and beautifull!!It is amazing!!It isn`t greasy like the others physical sunscreens. Don`t change this formula!!
It is good coverage for a fair complexion but does leave a light film that is white; it can be covered easily with makeup.
Very effective for sunscreen and does not feel greasy. Recommended by my dermatologist.
I am really surprised at how this product performed. We have always been Coppertone fans, but you won me over with
the Neutrogena Sheer Zinc home testing. Bye, bye Coppertone, Hello Neutrogena :)
i loved how this went on, I love that it is for sensitive eczema prone skin. I felt safe putting it on my daughters very
delicate skin. I usually have problems with finding a good sunscreen for her
I am very fair skinned and have tried many different sunscreens. Neutrogena is by far the best. Most sunscreens ar so
greasy and don't have a pleasant smell. This one isn't greasy at all and is virtually odor free, while providing the
protection I need. This will definitely be my new go to sunscreen.
I really like this sunscreen. I like that it was not greasy at all, and it barely had a scent to it.It was very easy to apply, didn't
seem to wear off easily like some sunscreens do, and it was very long lasting.It provided great protection from the sun,
and comes in a form that I like. It was also very easy to dispense from the tube. I also liked how it has an SPF of 50, and
it did not irritate my skin.
Super skin protectant this stuff is fantastic ! I will be buying more