"(upbeat music)"
"- So when these new Mac Pros got announced,"
"my first thought was,"
"""Huh? I wonder if we can retire the Travel iMac."""
"'cause some of you might not know this,"
"but whenever I'd go for the past couple of years"
"to a tech event that I planned on making a video at,"
"I literally packed up a maxed out iMac Pro,"
"put it in a huge Pelican case and lugged it with me."
"Like there's countless times y'all would catch me rolling"
"this huge box behind me through the airport."
"And that's because it's been the smallest machine"
"that I could take with me to one of those events"
"that could render and edit and export a video"
"that wouldn't take overnight."
"Now this Apple Silicon transition for Macs"
"has been pretty impressive."
"And I think this is the first time"
"I can truly say something is actually next level."
"These laptops have been next level."
"So these are the new 14 inch and 16 inch 2021 MacBook Pros."
"And they're incredible for a number of reasons."
"Now, at the end of the day,"
"they're just tools used to get a job done."
"And the fact is everyone has a slightly different thing"
"that they want to get done."
"For me, it's making these videos."
"So we'll get to that in a second,"
"but man, they have made a big jump both on the inside"
"and the outside of these laptops."
"So let's start on the outside."
"So these laptops have a new top-notch design,"
"it still looks like a MacBook Pro,"
"but I like pretty much all of the changes they've made."
"So the whole shape is squared off a bit"
"and it resembles those old aluminum Powerbooks,"
"just more modernized."
"And just aesthetically, you can see they've made"
"these laptops thicker, like noticeably thicker,"
"and that is totally fine with me."
"And it has plenty of benefits"
"and it also stands up a little bit higher"
"on those taller feet,"
"which seemingly gives it a bit more room for those back"
"and side vents for better ventilation."
"Although I've never heard the fans spin up audibly"
"on these laptops."
"The Apple logo on the back, slightly larger."
"And there's a little engraving at the bottom now"
"where they carved in the MacBook Pro text."
"That's kind of nice, but functionally,"
"as you've probably noticed, yeah, there's ports now."
"There are real ports and this really shouldn't"
"be a big deal, but this is one of the few things"
"that Apple has actually walked back from the last few years"
"of MacBook Pros that haven't had these ports."
"So while it feels like kind of silly to celebrate them,"
"I am happy that they're back."
"So on the right side, that's a full-sized HDMI port,"
"welcome back."
"And you have one of the Thunderbolt 4 ports"
"and a full-size, half-depth SD card slot."
"This is beautiful."
"I use an SD card for audio"
"every time I make a video."
"I use 'em all the time"
"and it's been a long time since I just plugged"
"an SD card straight into a computer."
"So this is fun."
"Then around the left side,"
"you have two more Thunderbolt 4 ports,"
"a headphone jack and the magnetic MagSafe charging port"
"has made its return."
"So, okay a couple of thoughts on this port selection."
"First of all, MagSafe has made its return,"
"but it's different."
"I've never used a MagSafe machine full-time in the past,"
"but this is a newer, thinner and actually stronger MagSafe."
"It's got a lot more lateral strength that it takes"
"to pull it out of the machine."
"So the second there's any angle on it,"
"it snaps out much easier,"
"but still feels pretty MagSafe to me,"
"definitely safer than just if USB-C was plugged straight in."
"And then you get this huge charging brick."
"So this is the 96-watt power adapter"
"that comes with the 14 inch MacBook Pro,"
"which is already an upgrade from the 67 watt"
"of the base model."
"And then there's this huge rectangular 140-watt"
"charging brick for the 16 inch MacBook Pro."
"But it is pretty nice that the brick is separate"
"from the braided USB-C cable with MagSafe on the other end,"
"but I am not sure why the space gray laptop"
"doesn't also come with a space gray MagSafe connector."
"That would have been a nice touch."
"140 Watts though that is a lot of power."
"And so you can fast charge these laptops through MagSafe"
"if you want to."
"It's about half charge in half an hour,"
"which is pretty convenient, but even if you don't want to,"
"you can unplug and just plug in via USB-C."
"If you're a one charger for everything kind of person"
"like me, it'll still be about 96 Watts."
"So not as fast, but still pretty good."
"Now the headphone jack,"
"you might've caught during Apple's presentation"
"that they mentioned that the headphone jack"
"this time would support high impedance headphones."
"What does that mean?"
"Well, if you have to ask, it probably doesn't apply to you,"
"but there's a whole ecosystem of headphones out there"
"with much higher levels of power required"
"to get real volume out of them."
"They're known as high impedance headphones."
"I've got a couple pairs here at the studio."
"So normal pair of wired headphones,"
"just think about like your Beats or ATH-M50s"
"might have 20-50 Ohms impedance."
"The high impedance headphones can go well over a 100 Ohms."
"And so they won't really sound like much."
"They'll be very low in volume if you plug them"
"into almost anything with a headphone jack."
"And so people who use these headphones will have to carry"
"an external Thunderbolt deck,"
"just a little thing to plug in."
"And so if these headphone jacks are high powered enough,"
"in theory, that's one less dongle you have to carry, right?"
"So for my audiophiles out there,"
"the pre-amps here are impressive"
"and there are definitely pushing out more power,"
"but this isn't some incredible, super clean deck"
"or anything crazy."
"With these Beyerdynamic DT 770 PROs for example,"
"which are 250 ohm headphones, MacBook Pro M1"
"at absolutely maxed out hundred percent volume"
"sounded comfortable."
"And these new MacBook Pros hit that same level"
"at about 65% volume."
"So there was an improvement."
"They don't sound better than the dedicated amp"
"you would have to bring, but in a pinch,"
"if you've only brought one pair of headphones,"
"you can plug them in straight."
"And that's kind of neat,"
"which is just saving you a dongle."
"And that's kind of the theme of all of these ports,"
"to be honest, like the HDMI port is only actually HDMI 2.0,"
"not 2.1, I don't know why."
"And it's kind of annoying that such an expensive computer"
"doesn't have the latest, highest end part,"
"but HDMI 2.0 still does 4K 60."
"So it's great for any projector or TV."
"It's good in a pinch, one less dongle."
"The SD card slot is XDXC."
"It's only UHS-2 speeds."
"So it doesn't support the newer faster UHS-3"
"but UHS-2 is still 300 megabytes per second."
"That's pretty good in a pinch, one less dongle."
"So it's an expensive computer."
"I could have easily had the higher end ports."
"It's definitely a knock on them, but like I said,"
"it's kind of just like the convenient in a pinch type thing."
"And you know what?"
"I might as well since we're talking ports,"
"you know what would've been cool?"
"EtherNet on the power brick."
"Remember what they did with the M1 iMac"
"where they have like gigabit ethernet built into the brick."
"I think MacBook Pro users would be more likely to want"
"ethernet without a dongle on the laptop like they did here,"
"but they didn't."
"But anyway, there's just something hilarious"
"about them going backwards on the last four years"
"of MacBook Pros and actually adding ports back to it."
"It's not something they do all the time."
"So I'm giving a thumbs up on that."
"Speaking of going backwards though, no touch bar."
"So there's a new keyboard on these MacBook Pros"
"and it's all buttons, all real physical keys."
"So they've replaced the touch bar with a full row,"
"full height, physical function keys at the top."
"It's really a shame the touch bar never reached"
"its full potential and I'll miss the like two times"
"I thought it was useful with audio fitting shortcuts inside"
"Final Cut Pro or fast-forwarding scrubbing through Instagram"
"videos on the desktop, but these buttons really are better."
"And the whole keyboard is an improvement"
"from previous year's too."
"It's backlit, the keys feel good and travel decently well"
"like their keyboards from five years ago,"
"the touch ID button in the corner works super quickly"
"and reliably and it's subtle,"
"but the whole keyboard is inset in this black,"
"anodized rectangle and I love it."
"It's a nice touch."
"Black keys will definitely still show fingerprints"
"and a little bit of skin oils"
"more than the lighter keyboards out there on other machines,"
"but I'm willing to deal with that."
"The speakers absolutely incredible,"
"especially on the 16 inch, still the biggest, fullest,"
"best speakers I've ever heard in a laptop on the bigger one."
"And the studio microphones are also now improved,"
"but that brings us to the front of this laptop."
"So let's talk about the front."
"So these new displays are on paper and in real life,"
"pretty incredible."
"They are 10 bit panels."
"They're mini LED, HDR, 16 x 10,"
"almost 4K high refresh rate displays."
"I mean, it's just all of the boxes checked"
"and then there's the notch up top."
"Okay so the screens are amazing."
"It's basically a mini pro display XDR,"
"but with even higher pixel density and higher refresh rate,"
"I mean it doesn't look that different"
"from previous MacBook Pros."
"Most of the time you're using it,"
"but it does hit that 1600-nits max brightness while watching"
"HDR content, which is awesome."
"And the thinner bezels all the way around"
"were long overdue and underneath the menu bar,"
"I'm also happy that it is still,"
"it's the taller 16 x 10 aspect ratio."
"And then ProMotion is interesting."
"So we know this as the adaptive refresh rate."
"It's not always maxing out here at 120 Hertz,"
"even when flying around the UI,"
"Max, we're already decently smooth at 60,"
"but I can tell this is not going to 120 Hertz all the time."
"So like scrolling in Safari, for example."
"Apparently Safari still needs an update"
"to support the highest of this adaptive frame rate."
"But there are a couple areas where you really notice"
"a higher refresh rate."
"I mean, moving your mouse around a lot,"
"moving a lot of bigger animations,"
"like swiping between spaces and other big flowy stuff"
"like the genie animation for minimizing that stuff."
"I mean, it's awesome."
"Moving around a Final Cut timeline."
"That's very smooth too."
"That's where the higher frame rate is noticeable"
"and the extra smoothness is appreciated."
"So this isn't the first mini LED display."
"This isn't the first HDR laptop ever."
"It's definitely not the first high refresh rate screen"
"in a laptop, but just combining all of these things,"
"the 10-bit display the thinner bezels, all of it,"
"it is a great display."
"So let's talk about the top notch design, shall we?"
"There's only a few things up here in the notch."
"It's the new 1080P webcam,"
"which looks perfectly decent now,"
"thanks for catching up Apple."
"And there's a little ambient light sensor"
"and a little LED light, and that's pretty much it."
"There's no way the notch needed to be this big"
"for that hardware."
"I mean, I'll wait for the iFixit teardown,"
"but there's no way you needed this much space."
"So it's an odd choice."
"And it's really easy to complain about this"
"when you're not actually using the laptop, but two things."
"One, I think Apple is actually finding this"
"to be like a part of their design language now."
"Like this is a recognizable laptop silhouette"
"because of the notch."
"However, we feel about that, it is what it is,"
"but then also turns out it's okay to put a notch right here"
"in the part of the screen"
"that you really don't notice very much"
"when you're actually using a laptop."
"The mouse goes underneath it for those who are wondering,"
"and the software seems to basically treat"
"the screen like there is no notch."
"Like if you take a screenshot or do a screen recording,"
"it's still drawing the display there with all of its pixels."
"And anytime you go full screen with anything,"
"it just turns the entire menu bar black."
"And it looks like the bezel at the top basically"
"gets slightly thicker and it's very deep black"
"with the mini LED."
"The notch literally never cuts into any content."
"Basically think of it as cutting into the extra display"
"that you actually didn't have before."
"And they've just shoved the menu bar up there"
"into that extra display."
"You know, there are some weird quirks when you have an app"
"with enough menu bar items,"
"it runs those things right underneath the notch"
"and things clearly to be patched up with a software update,"
"maybe making them scrollable or like adding"
"an expansion button or something like that."
"So at this point it's like,"
"oh, people are making the custom apps"
"to totally black out the top part of the display"
"to hide the notch, which I mean,"
"if you hate it that much sure you have that option."
"But like I promise you when you actually start using"
"the laptop and you're in apps and thing's full screen,"
"it never cuts anything off."
"Like you're paying attention to what's on the screen."
"It disappears even more than it did"
"on the smaller screen of the phones."
"But that being said, if the next version of this laptop"
"still has a notch this big and doesn't add face ID,"
"I'll wear socks and sandals for a day like Linus."
"They gotta be planning on putting"
"it there eventually, right?"
"It almost feels useless to talk about how it feels"
"just spinning around Mac OS Monterrey,"
"because of course, it's fine."
"Like I got the improved notification management,"
"it's got the rounded corners up top."
"It's got the quick, mouse-over at the bottom corner"
"to get to Quick Notes."
"We get all that, those nice features,"
"but we're here for the performance."
"We want to know if it's actually as great as those graphs,"
"Apple suggested at the Apple event."
"Spoiler alert. They're both really that good."
"So I've got a couple of different specs here."
"This is the M1 Pro in the 14 inch."
"I've also got a maxed out 16 inch that I've been testing."
"So I get to the differences between M1 Max and M1 Pro"
"and all that in a second, but just know that yeah,"
"they are very, very good."
"So when it comes to performance benchmarks,"
"I feel like everyone's more or less looking"
"for the perfect benchmark out there"
"that will confirm to them"
"that it will work best for their own workflow."
"Like I said, these are tools and from what I've seen,"
"it feels like that benchmark result exists"
"for pretty much every use case so far for these."
"So as far as synthetic benchmarks,"
"it dropped the highest single score Geekbench CPU score"
"I've ever seen from any Mac."
"And multi-core lined it up right around the maxed out"
"18 core iMac."
"I also ran it through Cinebench"
"and it had, again, very impressive single core scores,"
"and here's how the multi-core stacks up."
"But when I say, when I tell you these laptops"
"are next level, I mean that"
"because the real world performance"
"and the real world capabilities of these laptops"
"is dramatically better than they have any business doing."
"So obviously we know about the way higher memory bandwidth."
"We know about the way higher number of GPU cores."
"And I love the 10, 15, 25% improvements that come across"
"the board with all of that stuff."
"The vertical integration worked right?"
"But there are parts of this chip that Apple has built"
"with specific purposes in mind."
"And for those purposes, it's next level."
"So these laptop chips have a media engine"
"and there's a ProRes accelerator as part of that."
"M1 Max has two of them."
"Video professionals, you can see"
"where we're going with this."
"Working with ProRes at all with these laptops"
"is dramatically better."
"I think an example was like encoding a video with compressor"
"is 10 times as fast as it was with the Intel MacBook Pros."
"That's the next level. So like I said, these laptops are,"
"that's why they got me excited."
"I work with video too."
"So let's see how it does with Final Cut Pro."
"So as I mentioned, I did edit the last video,"
"the entire AirPods 3 review"
"on the 16 inch M1 Max Mac Book Pro in various locations,"
"both around the studio and at home,"
"plugged in and on battery."
"And it handled it incredibly well like shockingly well."
"Keep in mind, this is 8K REDCODE raw footage."
"It's a mix of low and medium compression shots"
"from the V-RAPTOR."
"And I'm able to bend the color and raw data"
"and move all around the timeline and chop everything up"
"pretty quickly and seamlessly without hiccups,"
"just like on the desktop, on the Mac Pro."
"So playback was in high quality instead of high performance."
"So I'm getting a ton of resolution and really only dropping"
"a couple of frames here and there"
"again, just like the Mac Pro."
"One of my ways to measure if a machine is choking"
"or struggling at all is like how long the delay is"
"between pressing the play button,"
"the space bar on unrendered footage."
"And when it actually starts to play back,"
"and this delay, as you can see it's like less"
"than a quarter of a second."
"That's as good as I've ever seen it in Final Cut."
"So the only thing that's caused me any concern was that"
"a couple of times the audio waveform previews"
"took longer to load when I was pinching and zooming"
"into parts of the timeline."
"And I suspect that's RAM related."
"Of course, M1 Max only has 64 gigs of RAM"
"versus the Mac Pro I've edited on has 768 gigs of RAM."
"So it makes sense that I saw a difference there,"
"but when the edit was finished"
"and it came time to export it,"
"I of course, just for fun, copied the project"
"across to multiple computers"
"and just did the same export on all of them"
"to see how it went."
"So the M1 Pro Mac Book Pro, the 14 inch,"
"exported the whole thing in 6 minutes and 40 seconds."
"It's pretty good."
"The $50,000 28-core Mac Pro did the same thing"
"in five minutes and 42 seconds."
"And then the M1 Max Mac Pro or MacBook Pro,"
"did it in four minutes and six seconds."
"So the Mac Book Pro beat the Mac Pro"
"handily at exporting the project."
"And it's not even like export times really matter"
"all that much at this level,"
"four minutes, five minutes, whatever."
"But the fact that it beat the Mac Pro already is ridiculous."
"And I also did that while not plugged in,"
"which doesn't lose any performance on battery."
"And the battery dropped 2% from 96 to 94% while exporting."
"So you might've heard"
"there's different performance profiles."
"And this is true on the 16 inch MacBook Pro"
"was interesting playing with these."
"Most of the time, I just left it on automatic"
"because it would just do its thing, no hiccups at all,"
"and I could edit fine."
"But when I went to go export just for fun,"
"I turned on the 16 inches high power mode,"
"which in theory should let the chips run full throttle,"
"more often, spin up the fans a little bit more, et cetera."
"I still never heard the fans ever,"
"but the export time was even faster,"
"three minutes and 49 seconds, Jesus."
"And on top of all of that,"
"the plugin suite that I use Motion VFX,"
"is updating steadily all their stuff"
"to support Apple Silicon, which is great."
"At this point honestly, I think it's a no brainer."
"The Travel iMac is now retired."
"I can safely edit everything on a laptop,"
"but Final Cut Pro is just one use case."
"There's plenty of other stuff."
"If you watch The Verge's review,"
"they did a lot of Adobe stuff and you can check out their"
"incredible findings with the newest version"
"of After Effects really finally taking advantage"
"of multithreaded GPU rendering."
"They also showed it outperforming the mobile RTX 3080"
"when editing in Premiere."
"And there are some glowing reviews for music producers"
"and sound designers who love having a whisper"
"silent computer that can also process way more audio effects"
"and that they can take with them."
"And Tyler Stalman did a great video,"
"reviewing the laptop for photographers,"
"where the M1 Max's laptop is importing and generating"
"previews, et cetera, twice as fast as a 2018 MacBook Pro."
"And he also opens up every single app at once"
"and streams a bunch of ProRes videos all simultaneously"
"next to each other, and you guessed it."
"It doesn't even blink."
"And then there's also a great tweet"
"from a staff engineer at Reddit."
"The machine is cutting build times for their Android app"
"in half and a little napkin math says"
"that buying a team of them, a bunch of these laptops,"
"would end up saving them a lot more money than they'd spent."
"Basically these experiences are of course,"
"all dependent on the apps you use as a professional"
"and how optimized they are."
"All of Apple's apps are the first ones to be updated"
"right out the box."
"So Final cut Pro that I use is great, but over time,"
"more of them will continue to be updated"
"and see those gains as well."
"And I didn't even talk about battery life,"
"but it does all of this high-performance stuff"
"while also being incredibly efficient."
"So you have the fast charging already if you want it."
"But I found that the 16-inch with the 100-watt hour"
"battery lasts a bit longer than the 14 inch"
"with a 70-watt hour battery and M1 Pro"
"will last a bit longer than M1 Max."
"It turns out those GPU cores do run a little bit hotter"
"and use more power."
"But ultimately if you want the longest possible battery"
"life, that would be 16 inch M1 Pro."
"Nevertheless, they all get around the same battery life"
"I've found as the M1 MacBook Pro,"
"which is to say all day best in class."
"You can still kill it in like four hours"
"if you're just sitting on battery editing video"
"in high power mode the whole time, then yeah,"
"then you can crush it."
"But again, the fast charging turns out to be very useful."
"So, you know what? Here's the recommendation."
"If you are a professional that works on your laptop"
"and you're on an older version,"
"or you find yourself reaching the limits of one of these,"
"and you're thinking maybe you should try"
"to look at one of these new MacBook Pros."
"I feel very confident saying, yeah,"
"you could pick one up and be very, very happy."
"I think the real choice is between M1 Pro and M1 Max"
"and 14 inch and 16 inch."
"Now for me, I'm going with a 16 inch M1 Max,"
"just because I take advantage of the extra GPU cores."
"And I wish I could go with the 14 inch maxed out,"
"which you can max out to the same exact specs"
"as a 16 inch with maybe just small thermal differences,"
"they'll perform about the same,"
"but I really like having the bigger screen"
"for editing video."
"So I'm going maxed out big laptop."
"So then for M1 Pro versus M1 Max."
"M1 Max is the most powerful,"
"but it does nick a bit of your battery life."
"So I would upgrade only if you need those extra GPU cores"
"and you'll know if your app supported."
"And I won't even pretend to game on a Mac."
"Some people do though."
"And if you do theoretically, the M1 Max"
"would also handle that better."
"But like I said from the beginning,"
"this is a tool and it happens to be a really,"
"really good tool at what it does."
"And it happens to be next level at a couple specific things"
"that it's been designed and optimized for."
"So there's gonna be a lot of professionals like me"
"who are really happy with these."
"There's also gonna be a lot of people"
"who totally don't need this power,"
"but just have a lot of money to spend"
"and just want to get a nice laptop."
"And it is a nice laptop."
"So I wouldn't blame you."
"That's fine too, but I'm just happy"
"I can finally say that this is,"
"I will be editing videos on a laptop,"
"which is that's awesome."
"And yeah, I haven't been able to say something's"
"truly next level in a really long time, but these are."
"It's one of my favorite products of the year, to be honest."
"I also really, really can't wait until"
"the Apple Silicon Mac Pro desktop,"
"that thing's gonna be wild."
"Either way, that's been it for the review of the laptops."
"Thanks for watching."
"Catch you guys in the next one, peace."
"(conclusion chiming)"
"hey everyone tim scofield here and we"
"got our hands on the new macbook pro"
"which features the first processor from"
"apple silicon this has the m1 processor"
"inside and i have to say if this"
"processor is as good as apple makes it"
"sound like intel and amd should be"
"getting a little worried now apple has"
"already shown on their iphones and ipads"
"that they can make their hardware and"
"software work fairly seamlessly and now"
"that they control the processor they can"
"pair it up with mac os and again i think"
"it will be a fairly seamless experience"
"anyways we are going to unbox the new"
"macbook pro show you real quick what"
"comes inside and then of course boot it"
"up get some hands on with this new"
"laptop let's get started funny enough"
"after i just shot that intro i got"
"another package delivery so the mac mini"
"is here stay tuned for a video on that"
"be sure to subscribe so you're notified"
"but they also dropped off the other"
"color of the macbook pro so we're going"
"to be able to take a look at both the"
"space gray and silver now if there's"
"anything you'd like to see in an"
"upcoming video be sure to drop a comment"
"let me know about these m1 chip laptops"
"now on the box you'll see the different"
"colors have different colored"
"backgrounds but also i did get the eight"
"gigabyte model with the space gray and"
"the silver model has 16 gigs of ram so i"
"can kind of compare those two in terms"
"of ram also notice on the box the silver"
"has more of silver writing whereas a"
"little bit darker on the space gray so"
"let's begin with the unboxing see what"
"we get inside this would be the silver"
"macbook pro a little bit chilly actually"
"i'm going to set that to the side for"
"now let's see what else we get designed"
"by apple in california these should just"
"be some booklets so you'll see macbook"
"pro your getting started welcome guide"
"some extra information and there should"
"have been stickers yes there they are so"
"there are apple stickers inside might be"
"a different color depending on what"
"model you get i'll open up the other box"
"and compare believe it or not inside you"
"do get a charging brick and this is a 61"
"watt usbc power adapter it has an apple"
"logo etched into the side it is usb type"
"c and in case you're wondering the"
"prongs do pop out and also this piece"
"does detach from the adapter and finally"
"your usbc to usbc cable for charging or"
"data transfer this is actually two"
"meters long which is just over six and a"
"half feet and that's everything that"
"came in the box you will get the exact"
"same stuff in the space gray model"
"besides the stickers i was right so the"
"stickers are actually a different color"
"the ones on the right are silver and"
"these are the more space gray colored"
"stickers on the left all right onto the"
"macbook pro let's go ahead and take this"
"plastic off the silver model i also want"
"to make a note that this silver model"
"has a two terabyte ssd"
"inside whereas the space gray model that"
"i got only has 512 gigs so the the"
"silver model is definitely the highest"
"end macbook pro you can get with the m1"
"chip right now and don't worry you can"
"get the same config in the space grey i"
"just happen to choose it on the silver"
"model so here is a look a side-by-side"
"look at the two different colors pretty"
"classic color choices from apple let's"
"take a close look so on the left side is"
"where the two usbc slots are it is"
"thunderbolt usb 4 connection and then"
"moving along this is the 13.3 inch"
"model by the way there's a look at the"
"front with a slot for your finger to"
"open it up and on the right side is only"
"a headphone jack you would have liked to"
"have seen more usbc ports just a little"
"bit of a bummer in my opinion on the"
"back you will see there is some"
"ventilation and just a comparison of the"
"bottom there are these black grips in"
"all four corners another quick"
"difference in the colors that's a little"
"bit harder to notice is that the apple"
"logo is a little bit darker tinted"
"on the space gray whereas the silver"
"seems like a straight up mirror and a"
"little bit more of a tint to the space"
"gray logo all right let's open up the"
"laptop with the one-handed test passed"
"with ease so you can easily open it up"
"and there's that classic apple sound"
"let's let's hear that again on the space"
"gray"
"so we are on the startup screen i'm"
"gonna run through the setup process and"
"only talk about anything that's"
"noteworthy it does prompt you for"
"accessibility settings i'd recommend"
"going through all of them in case"
"there's some that you'd like to turn on"
"maybe you want to turn on some closed"
"captions uh under cognitive you can"
"change it from light to dark mode or"
"have it's turned on auto which i"
"actually like so i switched it over to"
"auto you can have speak selection typing"
"feedback hover text there's a lot of"
"great accessibility options in here you"
"do have the option to transfer info from"
"a mac time machine backup startup disk"
"or a windows pc we're going to set up as"
"fresh for now next to the touch bar up"
"at the top is your power button which"
"also couples as a fingerprint scanner"
"for touch id so to set that up just set"
"your finger down lift it on up and"
"continue through"
"capture some of the edges of your"
"fingerprint from my experience this"
"fingerprint scanner is very fast"
"accurate it gives you an example of what"
"the display looks like without true tone"
"display which i prefer to have off i"
"wish i could just turn it off right now"
"but i have to actually go into system"
"preferences once i skip through the"
"setup process to turn it off and we are"
"all the way through the startup process"
"on our home screen this is mac os big"
"sur with their very colorful bubbly"
"icons let's go into about this mac there"
"is big sur you'll notice it says apple"
"m1 and 16 gigabytes of ram then if we go"
"over to storage there is two terabytes"
"so out of the box"
"1.97 terabytes available out of the two"
"in display settings this has a 13.3 inch"
"by"
"1600 retina display now this is my first"
"time actually seeing big sur i haven't"
"updated any of my macs to it just yet so"
"i'm pretty excited to actually dive into"
"this os"
"now let's go ahead and actually maybe"
"run a benchmark or two i'd also like to"
"let's go into safari very quickly and"
"maybe do a quick search for cinebench"
"just so you can kind of see it running"
"through"
"there's cinebench"
"and i'd actually like to switch windows"
"and open up the app store"
"these are all the first time i'm opening"
"these apps as a quick side note so not"
"only do i want to run a quick benchmark"
"i'll actually also render some 4k video"
"footage in final cut pro because that is"
"what i use to edit my videos so let me"
"get that installed so final cut pro is"
"installed however before we even open"
"that i'd like to run a cinebench but"
"just keep in mind that i did just boot"
"this up for the first time and just"
"signed in and nothing is really fully"
"transferred over or installed yet all"
"right so let's run the benchmark i will"
"let you know the results"
"all right as our test finishes up let's"
"take a look and see what the final score"
"is i do want to make a note that the fan"
"actually did turn on"
"and it really wasn't that loud you could"
"barely hear it when i sat at a normal"
"distance from the laptop there we go"
"7770 let's begin the single core"
"test and the single core benchmark just"
"finished at"
"15.05 and i did not hear the fan turn on"
"with this test and keep in mind this is"
"apple's baseline processor for apple"
"silicon now let's open up final cut pro"
"and actually get some 4k video files on"
"the macbook pro and render out some"
"video and check it out right when you"
"open up final cut pro for the first time"
"it is optimized for apple silicon so it"
"is already having improved performance"
"and efficiency on mac computers with"
"apple silicon so we've got our files"
"transferred over let's just do a real"
"quick test let's start a new project"
"call it test"
"import media and once we allow it access"
"let's go into test and select all"
"and hit import selected and they are all"
"ready to go that was actually really"
"quick uh importing those files now let's"
"throw some of the video files into the"
"timeline to kind of give you an idea of"
"how quick or laggy that it actually will"
"be uh so far so good and in comparison"
"to be honest i've been using my"
"2016 macbook pro my 15 inch macbook pro"
"for a while now for video editing so"
"this does feel"
"fast and snappy here's a little bit of"
"you know scrubbing on some video seems"
"to be very accurate uh and precise with"
"it all right so with no edits made here"
"is about a 10 minute video of just 4k"
"video footage so let's export that and"
"see how long it takes for us as a side"
"note i'm not going to render this in"
"prores we're just going to do h.264"
"all right and there it is finished at"
"about nine minutes 30 seconds for like i"
"mentioned a 10 minute 4k video no real"
"major edits or anything going on but uh"
"yeah so just about a 10 minute video all"
"ready to go in nine and a half minutes"
"that's actually very impressive uh and"
"and really cool to see actually from"
"apple now keep in mind this is a fresh"
"computer with not many apps installed"
"anything like that so after all that"
"testing this is very promising now i"
"will be using it more of a desktop i'll"
"connect it to a monitor use it in that"
"way so a lot more testing coming soon"
"again drop a comment let me know if"
"there's anything in particular"
"you have questions about or anything you"
"want me to cover in an upcoming video"
"anyways be sure to subscribe a lot more"
"m1 coverage with the mac mini macbook"
"pros coming very soon be sure to give"
"this video a thumbs up and as always"
"guys thank you very much for watching"
"so the internet is filled right now with"
"people positively spaffing themselves"
"demented all over that new apple silicon"
"now seriously there's so much fappage"
"friction going on right now that i'm"
"kind of concerned that the entire web is"
"just going to spontaneously combust"
"but is apple's new all-in-one m1 chipset"
"really"
"as spooge-worthy as everyone seems to"
"make out well to find out i grabbed one"
"of the 16 gigabyte models of the new"
"macbook pro with apple's m1 chip"
"that's almost 2 000 quids worth a kit"
"and that came straight out of my whiskey"
"fund and you know how"
"much i love whiskey kitties for 1 900"
"bob i could have bought"
"a lot of whiskey so for the last several"
"weeks in between my other laptop reviews"
"i've been using the macbook pro"
"m1 to be doing pretty much everything"
"video editing photo"
"and script and all that good stuff so is"
"it actually worthy"
"of all of that praise well here's my"
"real world macbook pro"
"m1 review and from all the latest"
"greatest tech please do plug subscribe"
"and hitting that notifications bell"
"cheers so let's start with the design"
"and anyone who's bought a macbook pro"
"these last few years will really be"
"struggling to see any proper external"
"differences with the m1 model"
"it's definitely a real shame that given"
"the changes that have taken place inside"
"of the macbooks that apple didn't take"
"the opportunity to also freshen up the"
"design on the outside and really"
"differentiate these new"
"m1 laptops from the older intel models"
"but then the aesthetical part of design"
"doesn't seem something that apple's"
"really concerning itself with"
"much these days i mean have you seen the"
"new iphones i mean"
"my kid has a barbie phone that looks"
"more legit than this thing regardless"
"though that metallic chassis is at least"
"as robust as ever proven well up to a"
"life on the road"
"and while this 13-incher is seriously"
"hefty compared with dell's rivals for"
"instance"
"at least it's kind of compact for a"
"professional laptop of course one issue"
"with the smaller laptops is definitely"
"the limited space for ports and that is"
"certainly a weakness here"
"the macbook pro m1 serves up a pair of"
"thunderbolt 3 ports sadly not the fresh"
"new thunderbolt 4"
"as found on the new tiger leg version of"
"the xps 13"
"and a lot of hp lenovo and azusa's new"
"laptops"
"although that's only really an issue if"
"you want to get a dock connected to your"
"macbook pro in order to hook up a lot of"
"peripherals and different drives and"
"things like that"
"sadly both of those thunderbolts are"
"crammed together on the left edge which"
"is less than ideal but it is a minor"
"grumble at best so"
"suck it up junior moving on you've got"
"that now standard combination of"
"keyboard and touch bar"
"and so far i'm more than happy with this"
"this is apple's so-called"
"magic keyboard and the magic part of it"
"is that all of the keys still actually"
"work"
"two months later that's definitely a"
"massive improvement of my old 2017"
"macbook pro wear and i wish i was"
"kidding here"
"by now the space bar had already started"
"packing up"
"this keyboard offers a very comfortable"
"typing experience the keys have got a"
"good bit of bounce but they don't feel"
"spongy and they're very well sized for"
"touch typing"
"adding some excellent backlighting and"
"you've got a solid all-around board"
"and it's the same story for the macbook"
"pro's touch id sensor built into"
"that power button as well once again"
"this works with charm fast and"
"responsive as always"
"likewise the touch bar is a lively"
"dynamic alternative to function keys"
"that's really coming into its own now"
"that devs have had a bit of time"
"to make use of it it's a fast and easy"
"way to control your media"
"adjust the display brightness all that"
"good stuff and also access essential"
"features when you're using apps"
"and that spacious touchpad is definitely"
"another winner admirably filling that"
"palm rest"
"to the full extent it did take me a"
"little while to get used to apple's dual"
"click"
"methods you just got to push softly for"
"a left click and then push harder for a"
"right click but once this method"
"clicks sort of speak then it all just"
"works perfectly and no complaints either"
"when it comes to that 13.3 inch"
"ips display the 2560 by 1600 pixel"
"resolution means everything looks pin"
"sharp and despite that compact design i"
"thought i could still comfortably edit"
"photos and video"
"or enjoy some depressing real-life"
"murder documentaries to further sink"
"into my 2020 funk"
"colour reproduction is typically natural"
"which is ideal for creative use"
"100 of the srgb and an impressive 86"
"of the adobe rgb are ably handled plus"
"the maximum brightness tops off at 480"
"nits which is more than strong enough to"
"comfortably work out doors"
"you've got full dolby atmos support here"
"and those stereo speakers pump out a"
"decent"
"beefy bit of audio once you pump the"
"volume all the way up you've also got a"
"headphone jack hazard plus some reliable"
"bluetooth support for gold wire free now"
"if you want to do some zoom in or"
"whatever to actually see your friends"
"and family at some point you've got a"
"perfectly bold standard 720p"
"hd webcam stuck there above the screen"
"it doesn't have a privacy shield or"
"anything like that when it's not in use"
"but you do at least get this dinky"
"little green led which pops into"
"life whenever the camera is being used"
"by an application just in case you know"
"you want to get up to something dodgy"
"and you're having to completely forget"
"that you're live streaming to the"
"internet"
"and as you can see the picture quality"
"as standard for this sort of laptop is"
"generally kind of sort of soft"
"and grainy and it is thrown by harsh"
"lighting as well but it'll do the job"
"for a basic web chat"
"as for that built-in mic well it's okay"
"but you will have to speak up to be"
"properly heard and it also picks up on"
"all the background noise going on around"
"you so i'd highly recommend"
"using an actual proper headset but of"
"course the whole reason i was so"
"curious about the new apple macbook pro"
"was that"
"m1 chipset which apple has crafted in"
"collaboration with arm"
"ever since the launch apple has been"
"absolutely brazen its own beef about the"
"performance"
"of this m1 chipset claiming that these"
"new macbook devices are more powerful"
"than 98"
"of all windows laptops out there and"
"unsurprisingly"
"that's not true so if you're using a"
"program that is actually optimized for"
"that m1 chip then they"
"tend to run well here on this 16 gig"
"macbook pro"
"but certainly not all of them run"
"perfectly in final cut pro for instance"
"i was constantly seeing dropped frames"
"when editing just a single stream of 4k"
"video and that's without adding any"
"fancy extra elements"
"and that seems to be because i shoot in"
"the standard mpeg format rather than"
"apple's own pro"
"res format and that's so i can actually"
"edit using a variety of software"
"and devices when needed so lesson one is"
"this kiddies unless you play"
"absolutely by apple's rules using only"
"m1 optimized software and using only"
"apple's own format you can expect to see"
"judders and shonky behavior"
"from these new macbooks i tried using"
"software like [ __ ] and was absolutely"
"appalled at the so-called performance"
"even quite basic windows laptops like"
"microsoft's surface laptop go which i"
"only recently reviewed offered a"
"smoother experience at a third of the"
"cost"
"although at least fairly demanding games"
"ran with a respectable ish enough frame"
"rate on the macbook pro m1 as long as i"
"kept the graphics settings low"
"but those detail levels up high and"
"everything usually becomes a hot god"
"damn mess"
"and as a rough indicator of performance"
"on the default high settings on rise of"
"the tomb raider the macbook churned out"
"average frame rate of 27"
"21 and just 23 frames per second with"
"noticeable drops throughout"
"the one key area where i did actually"
"notice a performance increase on the"
"macbook pro m1 compared with my older"
"2017"
"macbook pro is the video processing"
"speed on this thing"
"you can get a video processed in about"
"sort of three or four minutes compared"
"with around 15 to 20 minutes"
"on the older device so again as long as"
"you temper your expectations and use the"
"macbook pro m1"
"exactly how apple expects you to then"
"all is gravy but to be honest if you've"
"got a macbook pro from the last three"
"four years with the radiant graphics"
"then i wouldn't rush to upgrade anytime"
"soon as for the mac os experience well"
"big sur has proven reasonably stable so"
"far only crashing a couple of times in"
"the past two months"
"it's an incremental update of course"
"with a few little aesthetic tweaks"
"thrown in and of course the ability to"
"run ipad apps if you"
"ever feel the need the new control panel"
"effort is mostly redundant as a lot of"
"those features can be fast accessed on"
"the touch bar but it will please those"
"with older machines"
"however i'm definitely not a fan of how"
"you can't uninstall quite a lot of"
"apple's pre-installed apps including the"
"likes of chess"
"not exactly a vital piece of software"
"for the overall running of the macbook"
"you'd have thought"
"and yeah queen's gambit might have been"
"a pretty decent show but it hasn't"
"exactly inspired me to go play"
"virtual [ __ ] chess on my macbook all"
"the time thankfully i've had bugger all"
"issues when it comes to the internet"
"connectivity on the macbook pro"
"m1 though thanks for that dependable"
"wi-fi 6 support i've actually seen some"
"really nippy upload and download speeds"
"which is obviously great when you're"
"dealing with whop and great files going"
"onto youtube and stuff like that"
"as for the storage well the base model"
"of the macbook"
"pro m1 comes with a measly 256 gigs on"
"board which when you're video editing is"
"about as useful as a condom machine in a"
"nunnery so i naturally said bollocks to"
"that and sparked up another 400 quid"
"roughly 10"
"bottles of your finest 12 year old malt"
"on the one terabyte version"
"and this registered read speeds just"
"over 3 gigabits per second"
"and just under that for writing files"
"which is a solid effort overall"
"comparable to rivals like the dell xps"
"13. and i gotta say while my"
"expectations certainly weren't met on"
"the performance front mostly thanks to"
"apple's ridiculous boss"
"and the ceaseless parotin online the"
"macbook pro m1 definitely did impress me"
"when it came to the battery life i found"
"that even when i was video editing"
"in final cut pro i would get around nine"
"hours of non-stop use from a single"
"charge and again when i was working in"
"the likes of google chrome i used to do"
"a bit"
"scripting or whatever while streaming"
"media again i would get around sort of"
"nine"
"hours of use which is definitely better"
"than most windows rivals"
"and so after actually using the apple"
"macbook pro m1 as my full-time laptop"
"in between other reviews naturally would"
"i recommend it to"
"fine fork well i know i've dumped on it"
"from a great height quite a bit"
"in this review but that's only because"
"my expectations were rather high"
"because of apple itself and naturally"
"the echo chamber that is the internet"
"the fact of the matter is the macbook"
"pro m1 is a perfectly fine"
"creative laptop especially thanks to the"
"fantastic battery life"
"on this thing definitely really handy if"
"you want to be editing on the go"
"at some point in 2021 when we can"
"actually leave our houses again and the"
"performance is good"
"as i stated before if you actually stick"
"to apple's own rulebook but if you want"
"to be using third-party software and the"
"like you're not going to get any"
"benefits from the m1 that you wouldn't"
"get from much cheaper windows devices"
"so that's what i personally think of the"
"macbook pro m1 would be great to hear"
"from you five volk as well though"
"definitely please uh leave your"
"experiences down"
"in the comments below any little foibles"
"that you've found or if you've been"
"absolutely loving"
"every minute of it be great to hear from"
"you and please do poke subscribe and"
"ding that notifications bell for more"
"on the latest greatest sec cheers love"
"you"
"[Music]"
"foreign"
"okay so i just came back from the apple"
"store with the brand new empty macbook"
"pro and"
"obviously this is the most underwhelming"
"product from the apple event but i do"
"want to try a few things i want to see"
"if the speakers are any different and"
"the microphones the camera and most"
"importantly i want to see the"
"performance of that m2 chip but first"
"let's quickly unbox it the wallpapers"
"are technically the same the reason why"
"this one looks different is because this"
"is the silver whereas this is the box of"
"the space gray but if you look at images"
"of the silver boxes for the m1 they"
"actually haven't changed the wallpaper"
"at all it's the same box i want to see"
"if there's anything different inside the"
"box if we get any changes in terms of"
"the manual or the accessories so i've"
"had a look at all the accessories and"
"everything is exactly the same as on the"
"m1 model with one exception and that is"
"the charger so there's a new charger"
"which has 67 watts of power delivery"
"compared to 61 watts which is what the"
"m1 model have in fact this is actually"
"the exact same charger that we get with"
"the base 14 inch macbook pro more about"
"the empty macbook pro right after this"
"this video is sponsored by banverg and"
"their luxury line of apple accessories"
"including premium maxi phone cases"
"bespoke watch straps in a variety of"
"styles and the perfect air tag keyrings"
"they can even use the same material for"
"multiple items so that you have all of"
"them matching perfectly check out"
"bandwick's lineup by using the link"
"below and now back to the video so that"
"was the unboxing now let's get to the"
"testing and these are the three macbooks"
"that i want to test the bass m2 the bass"
"m1 and the bass 14-inch okay so this is"
"a microphone and a camera test on the m1"
"13-inch macbook pro and now this is the"
"m2 13-inch macbook pro"
"the sensor is exactly the same but the"
"image processing might be a bit"
"different because of that m2 chip so let"
"me know if you see any improvements over"
"the m1 and now this is the 14 inch m1"
"pro macbook pro this should be the"
"overall best because it does have a"
"1080p sensor compared to 720p on the"
"other ones but maybe the processing is"
"worse than on the m2 so let me know how"
"does this compare to the m2 and the m1"
"now let's do a speaker test and see if"
"there's any differences between the m2"
"and the m1 and also the 14 of course so"
"this is the m1 macbook"
"someone said pro"
"stupid swipe right now i'm watching what"
"you did i put down now i'm at a"
"disadvantage"
"but i think that is"
"[Music]"
"honestly i couldn't hear any difference"
"between the m2 and the m1 of course the"
"40 inch was significantly better so now"
"i want to open up a few apps at the same"
"time and see if there's any difference"
"between the m2 and the m1 i would expect"
"the m2 to be a bit snappier"
"in day-to-day use and we should be able"
"to see that in this test in three two"
"one go"
"so i think the m2 was a tiny bit faster"
"than the m1 but the difference was like"
"very difficult to see and now let's see"
"how it stacks up against the 14 inch in"
"three two one go"
"but to me they looked pretty much the"
"same okay and now i want to do some real"
"world tests and see what the difference"
"actually is between all of these three"
"macbooks so first off i want to test the"
"disk speed to see if there's any"
"differences between the m1 and the m2 i"
"would expect the m2 to maybe be a tiny"
"bit faster than the m1 and wow i am"
"quite surprised because"
"we're getting about one gigabyte to 1.5"
"gigabytes per second slower speeds on"
"the m2 than compared to the m1 now our"
"m1 model does have 512 gigabytes of"
"storage but even when we tested the 256"
"it was actually getting similar speeds"
"to the 512 which means that"
"maybe apple has put in a slower drive"
"inside the m2 macbook pro than we had"
"last year or maybe our model has some"
"sort of issue but we are seeing"
"considerably slower speeds on the m2 and"
"then looking at the 14-inch model we're"
"seeing over five gigabytes per second"
"right and about the same in terms of the"
"read speeds which are about double the"
"ones on the m1 and uh like what four"
"gigabytes per second higher than on the"
"m2 so in blender i rendered the"
"classroom scene using the cycles cpu"
"renderer and the m1 rendered in 14"
"minutes and 24 seconds the m2 in 12"
"minutes and 41 seconds and the m1 pro 14"
"inch in 12 minutes and 12. so the m2 was"
"almost as fast as the m1 pro so even"
"though they have exactly the same core"
"counts the m1 pro has six high"
"performance cores too low performance"
"whereas the m2 has four and four"
"something else that i've noticed was the"
"battery drain so the m1 lost eleven"
"percent the m2 lost ten percent and the"
"m1 pro lost 13 so the m2 was by far the"
"most power efficient out of the three"
"now doing the exact same test but now"
"using the gpu every single machine was"
"considerably faster the m1 took 5"
"minutes and 30 seconds the m2 took 4"
"minutes and 11 seconds and the m1 pro"
"took 3 minutes and 49 seconds the m14"
"lost six percent and then the m2 and the"
"m1 pro both lost four percent so what"
"about video editing well here i have a"
"15 minute 4k h.264 project one of our"
"previous camera comparisons uh this is a"
"very demanding project by the way and"
"the m1 took 1 hour 2 minutes and 57"
"seconds to export the m2 took 44 minutes"
"and 2 seconds so it was considerably"
"faster but then the m1 pro took 16"
"minutes and 18 seconds a huge difference"
"from even the m2 and in terms of the"
"battery drain the m1 lost 35 percent the"
"m2 lost 32 percent and the m1 pro lost"
"18"
"so if you're video editing on a daily"
"basis and you have some complex projects"
"then uh definitely go with the 14 inch"
"then in compressor i'm going to"
"transcode an 8.65 file uh to prores 4k"
"the m1 took 2 minutes and 53 seconds the"
"m2 one minute and 13 seconds so big big"
"difference and the m1 pro took one"
"minute and 14 seconds so the m2 was"
"actually faster than the m1 pro by one"
"second but the interesting thing here is"
"that the m1 lost two percent but the m2"
"and the m1 pro didn't lose any battery"
"at all so it looks like having dedicated"
"hardware engines for this task is not"
"only quicker but also way more power"
"efficient if you do a lot of transcoding"
"then the m2 and the m1 pro would be a"
"big bump from the m1 now when it comes"
"to converting an h.265 file to prores 6k"
"in this case a six minute clip the m1"
"took six minutes and 59 seconds the m2"
"two minutes and two seconds and the m1"
"pro 2 minutes and 19 seconds so the m2"
"was once again faster here but now by a"
"larger margin also the m1 lost four"
"percent m2 2 percent and m1 pro 1"
"okay and now i want to do a logic pro"
"test essentially i have a selection of"
"loads of tracks here and i want to see"
"how many they can each play uh until"
"they crash so for example this is the m1"
"with 68 tracks and as you can see it"
"crashed but if i remove one track"
"now we're at 67"
"it seems like this one can play"
"67 tracks"
"perfectly now on the m2 model i was able"
"to play two more tracks so we have 69"
"tracks in total so very small difference"
"over the m1 and on the bass 14 inch i"
"was able to play 118 tracks which is"
"very interesting because the core count"
"is exactly the same as on the m1 and the"
"m2 so the only difference is the memory"
"in this one this has 16 gigabytes so it"
"seems like the memory does actually help"
"these chips"
"uh play more tracks now let's try some"
"gaming so here i have word of warcraft"
"which is one of the few games that"
"actually run natively on apple silicon"
"so this is the best case scenario the m1"
"pro got 31 frames per second the m2 got"
"41.5 so that's a pretty significant bump"
"and then the m1 pro got 71. okay now in"
"shadow of the tomb raider which is at"
"this point of you know the default mac"
"gaming test if the m1 got 12 frames per"
"second the m2 got 17 and the m1 pro got"
"27. now shadow of the tomb raider does"
"not run natively but it does use apple's"
"metal api so it is more optimized than a"
"lot of the other games and the two extra"
"gpu cores did make a difference in terms"
"of gaming but"
"unfortunately the m1 pro has four more"
"gpu cores than the m2 which are vastly"
"superior so in the end should you get"
"the m2 macbook pro over plus adm1 or"
"even the m1 pro well i think that if you"
"already have an m1 you shouldn't upgrade"
"unless you do transcode a lot of footage"
"because in that case the m2 was"
"significantly faster than the m1 also"
"since apple is not selling the m1"
"macbook pro anymore"
"and you're just looking to buy a new m2"
"mac then this is a pretty good option"
"however if you can find a good deal for"
"a refurbished or a used and one macbook"
"pro then i do think that it should go"
"with that one instead definitely be on"
"the lookout for a 16 gigabyte of ram"
"model uh on ebay or amazon or apple"
"refurbished as that one would give you a"
"tiny performance bump over the standard"
"m1"
"and they would also be more future"
"proofed in the long run now if you do"
"want to buy it brand new the base model"
"is pretty good um i would actually avoid"
"upgrading because the moment you start"
"upgrading this you will actually get"
"very close in price to the 14 inch model"
"from the start there's a 700 difference"
"between the two but if you bump the ramp"
"to 16 gigabytes and the storage to 512"
"to match the 14 inch the 14 inch would"
"only be 300 more in which case i do"
"believe that a 4k inch is definitely"
"worth it you get a significantly better"
"display uh pro motion and mini led you"
"also get more ports and extra"
"thunderbolts max safe fast charging you"
"also get a better keyboard or at least"
"with the lack of touch bar and of course"
"significantly better performance in the"
"graphics department but only do so if"
"you really need that extra performance"
"that's the 14 inch has to offer if you"
"consider yourself a pro"
"then you go with the 14 inch what i'm"
"really curious to see is how the m2"
"macbook pro will compare to the new m2"
"macbook air i do have a feeling that"
"this year we will be seeing a bigger"
"performance difference between"
"the air and the pro in fact when we were"
"testing the m2 macbook pro we actually"
"heard the fan being on almost all the"
"time during the blender test whereas the"
"m1 model or even the 14 inch"
"they were pretty much silent so yeah"
"definitely stay tuned to the channel"
"subscribe to see the macbook air video"
"as soon as we have it and if you are"
"interested in purchasing any of these"
"feel free to use the affiliate links"
"below as they do help out the channel as"
"well i'm daniel this means enough tech"
"and i'll see you guys in the next one"
"cinema tech signing out cheers"
"[Music]"
"all right so the macbook pro 13 m1 has"
"been my daily driver now for the past"
"six months"
"and i thought i'd give you some insight"
"into what my experience has been like"
"so let's go"
"[Music]"
"the purpose of this video is to give you"
"some insight into whether an m1 device"
"is worth buying or not"
"i'll cover how the chip has held up over"
"the past 6 months and if there have been"
"any issues that have shown up over time"
"also revisit some of the support issues"
"that i had back in december with the m1"
"chip and how the native apple silicon"
"support scene is looking today and also"
"give you my recommendation for whether"
"to buy this or not"
"one of the main things that i was"
"excited about before i got my hands on"
"the laptop was the idea that the company"
"that's creating these super powerful yet"
"cool to the touch tablets known as ipads"
"is now going to develop their own"
"processors for"
"laptops which gave the promise of an"
"ultra powerful laptop that never gets"
"hot"
"essentially the couch developer's dream"
"and when i first got the laptop this was"
"the first thing that i wanted to test"
"and in my early testing it definitely"
"held up to the promise"
"it never got hotter than what i would"
"call slightly below lukewarm and this"
"was also after"
"heavy use but the question is how is"
"this held up six months later"
"with updates and software installs and"
"basically never turning the laptop"
"off ever well it still never really gets"
"hot and"
"i would say that it gets like lukewarm"
"but never really hot"
"and to me this is just such a huge thing"
"because"
"generally i will actually use a laptop"
"in the way that it's intended judging by"
"the name at least"
"which is on top of my lap and the m1 is"
"by far the most comfortable laptop to do"
"this with"
"compared to any other laptop that i've"
"tried none of them even come close"
"yes it gets a little bit warmer after"
"several hours of use but compared to"
"literally all other laptops it's cold"
"and the fan noise is still non-existent"
"i've heard the fans"
"twice in six months now if you're in"
"like a completely silent room and you"
"put your ear like right next to the"
"laptop then yes you could probably hear"
"something at some points"
"but what i'm saying is like if you go"
"about your working day as you normally"
"would"
"then no you will never really detect the"
"fan noise"
"when i say that i've heard them like"
"twice in six months"
"what i mean here is that i've like been"
"able to detect"
"any sort of noise or noticed that the"
"fan started increasing in speed"
"so this is not to the point where like"
"all i could think about was the fan"
"noise it's just to the point where i was"
"able to detect that there"
"was some sort of noise which you know by"
"itself is really impressive i think"
"but couple this with the performance"
"that this machine is actually capable of"
"and it actually becomes like it really"
"becomes unfathomable what this is"
"all right so i tried to build or like"
"hold some sort of tension about like"
"whether i would recommend this or what i"
"think of it has it held up has it not"
"held out but"
"by now you probably know that i would"
"definitely recommend this laptop but"
"either way let's take a look at some of"
"the negatives of this laptop"
"so if we look back at when i first got"
"the laptop there were definitely some"
"things that were not"
"ideal about it mainly third-party"
"software not supporting apple silicon"
"so let's take a look at what i said"
"about that okay so in the video i"
"mentioned that homebrew wasn't supported"
"yet and that meant that"
"installing certain things wasn't as easy"
"as just typing brew install"
"but i didn't really have to wait too"
"long because this was fully supported by"
"february of that year so i got the"
"laptop in mid december"
"and it was supported in february which"
"means that right now"
"homebrew is definitely supported fully"
"supported on the apple silicon the next"
"thing that i said in the video was that"
"flutter worked which"
"was not quite the case it worked but"
"only via the rosetta translator"
"process thingy which means that i was"
"able to work with it but not"
"natively so how does this look today six"
"months later today flutter is"
"almost a hundred percent natively"
"supported some things still use rosetta"
"to compile"
"so it's not fully optimized yet but i"
"should also mention that flutter even"
"via rosetta has worked really well ever"
"since the start and i haven't really"
"noticed any like performance issues or"
"anything like that"
"nor have i actually noticed any real"
"performance gains over time as like"
"flutter started natively supporting"
"apple silicon more and more"
"which i think is really a testament to"
"how good apple silicon actually is"
"that it's able to like deliver this top"
"of the line performance even via a"
"translation process"
"like rosetta after this i mentioned that"
"certain python libraries weren't fully"
"supported on apple silicon yet"
"and this was actually quite a big"
"problem for me because it meant that for"
"like"
"several months i didn't even bother"
"trying to program in python on my apple"
"m1 and this is because like any time i"
"tried to it was just such a horrible"
"experience because of"
"the stuff just not being supported and"
"it just meant that i was like"
"running into bug after bug after bug"
"however now most python libraries seem"
"to work for the things that i've tried"
"scikit-learn for instance which i"
"mentioned in the video now has full"
"support and if there are any like niche"
"python libraries out there that don't"
"work"
"yet then they will actually work via"
"rosetta and like i said i haven't really"
"found any performance issues or anything"
"like that using rosetta"
"and to me it's just been super smooth"
"even though i would say like i'm not the"
"most rigorous python programmer out"
"there that uses"
"tons of obscure libraries or anything"
"like that but right now i work in python"
"without any issues and i've been doing"
"so for the past couple months so the"
"apple silicon support system has grown"
"really rapidly in the past six months"
"and i would say that probably in like"
"another six months"
"it will probably be hard to find things"
"that don't actually support apple"
"silicon"
"and also i would say that all the"
"problems that i mentioned are very like"
"developer specific"
"meaning that if you're like a regular"
"user then you wouldn't have even"
"noticed any of these issues if you"
"bought your laptop in the past couple"
"months"
"all right so now let me just take a"
"quick second to talk about brilliant who"
"very kindly agreed to sponsor this video"
"if you haven't heard about brilliant"
"brilliant is a website and app designed"
"for learning about math and science"
"they have tons of really interesting"
"courses on computer science that i think"
"you guys would really enjoy"
"when i was in school me and a lot of my"
"classmates would use brilliant to learn"
"about certain complex topics"
"in computer science like certain"
"algorithms or math concepts"
"that we felt our teachers didn't do a"
"great job of explaining"
"so brilliant really earns its name by"
"actually being a brilliant way to learn"
"if you're interested in computer science"
"math or science in general"
"then i would highly recommend going to"
"holden to sign up for free the first 200"
"people will get"
"20 off their annual premium membership"
"okay so the next thing that i want to"
"mention just quickly is the battery life"
"and this is again of course quite insane"
"which"
"like i mentioned at the start i never"
"turned off my laptop really in the past"
"six months i've turned it off maybe like"
"four times"
"so it's basically always on and the"
"battery life is really really good and i"
"think it's really worth emphasizing"
"because"
"in terms of everyday use i don't even"
"know how long it lasts because i charge"
"it so rarely"
"now that's not to say that it's like it"
"lasts several months or anything like"
"that it's just that"
"it lasts so many days that i forget when"
"i charged it last"
"it's to the point now where it feels"
"kind of foreign to get"
"the low battery notification i feel like"
"this whole video basically comes across"
"as pretty much as biased as it gets"
"and it probably seems like i'm like the"
"biggest apple fanboy out there and"
"i'm really not that at all i like apple"
"but i also really like"
"dell i like lenovo i like racer hp"
"and all those laptops i get really"
"excited about it's just that"
"now none of them really seem to compare"
"in my opinion one might be slightly"
"faster in a specific test"
"and one might have slightly longer"
"battery life or faster wake up time but"
"none of them seem to be able to combine"
"all these features in one machine the"
"way that apple has done here and knowing"
"that the"
"m1x or m2 or whatever apple we'll call"
"it is probably right around the corner"
"it just feels like"
"amd and intel have a lot of catching up"
"to do in order to beat"
"apple also as a side note the wake up"
"time is still crazy fast"
"like i said i never turn it off and it"
"still wakes up before i"
"finished opening the laptop up so would"
"i recommend this laptop"
"big reveal coming"
"no i would never of course i would"
"recommend this laptop"
"of course i would recommend it a"
"thousand percent i would recommend this"
"laptop i would recommend you to get"
"any apple m1 laptop that you can find"
"actually"
"whether it's the macbook air or the"
"macbook pro uh"
"really i just think that it seems like"
"it's the best choice of laptop that you"
"can get right now"
"and the reason for this is i really"
"believe that this laptop will hold up"
"for several years to come"
"famous last words but in all seriousness"
"i really think that apple went out"
"quite hard here to really distinguish"
"themselves as better than intel and amd"
"so they probably poured almost all they"
"were capable of into this chip"
"to make sure that it was a success i"
"mean their entire 2 trillion"
"yes that's 2 trillion dollar business"
"at least somewhat depended on this chip"
"being successful so my guess"
"is that the m1x or the m2 or the mx"
"whatever apple ends up calling it will"
"probably not be"
"that big of an upgrade compared to the"
"m1 and i'm not an expert or anything"
"like this but"
"i'm just thinking that like if the next"
"chip is as big of an upgrade as the m1"
"was"
"then we basically probably need to look"
"into what kind of dark magic"
"apple has developed that basically"
"allows them to put themselves"
"this far ahead of everyone else anyway"
"that's it for this one i hope you"
"enjoyed it"
"and i also want to mention that i'm"
"actually creating courses over on"
"patreon right now and one of my most"
"recent ones is how to build a trading"
"bot"
"which is available in full on my patreon"
"account which means that you can just"
"basically"
"sign up once and then you can"
"unsubscribe straight away and you'll"
"have access to the full course"
"if you want to but also no pressure to"
"do that i really just appreciate that"
"you watched this video"
"and that you watched it this far so yeah"
"thank you for watching and i hope i'll"
"see you in the next one"
""
